https://www.ekeralatourism.net/kerala-tour-packages/exotic-kerala-tour/
   (6 Nights / 7 Days)₹ 13,999/-  Munnar – Thekkady – Allepey – Kovalam   Kerala, the abode of the silent backwaters, azure canals, lush and evergreen coconut groves, and warm hearted locals, is one of the most picturesque holiday destinations in the country. Fondly called the “God’s Own Country”, it is adorned by the Arabian Sea and casts a magical spell on the visitors! Within this 7Days and 6Nights Exotic Kerala Tour, you will be taken to some of the most stunning holiday destinations in Kerala. From hill station to backwater region, tribal village to prismatic beach, you will get to enjoy all the aspects of Kerala’s meticulous beauty within this tour.  Following your arrival at the Cochin International Airport, you will be greeted whole-heartedly by our tour guides and representatives. Post this, you will be driven to the scenic hill station of Munnar. Also known as the ‘Nature Lover’s Paradise’, your arrival in this hilly abode will be followed by your checking-in into a hotel or a resort. Spent the rest of the day at total leisure while enjoy the stunning beauty of Munnar; overnight stay in the hotel/resort. A treasure trove for the nature lovers, honeymooners, leisure seekers and all other classes of travellers, Munnar is an ideal sightseeing destination in Kerala! Today morning, after having breakfast, you can embark on a delightful sightseeing tour and discover all the grandeurs of this gorgeous hill station town.. On the list, there will be scenic landmarks like Echo Point, Gundala Lake, Elephant Arrival Point, Cinema Shooting Point, Jungle Honey Bee Nest and several other places. Mattuppetty, Tata Tea Museum, Eravikulam National Park, Blossom Hydel Park, spice plantation and Anaimudi Peak will also be visited during the day. By evening, you will be guided back to the hotel/resort for your overnight stay..  Following your lively Munnar excursion on the previous day, today you will be driven towards Thekkady. Home to the wildlife rich Periyar National Park, this tourist town is known for its candid and untouched beauty. Arriving in Thekkady, check-in into a hotel/resort and after relaxing for a while, you will be taken for a rustic tribal tour to a nearby village followed by a plantation tour. Come evening, you can avail a boat ride in the Periyar Lake and enjoy the wilderness of the Periyar National Park. Returning from the ride, you can indulge in local shopping before retiring into the hotel/resort for your overnight stay. After today’s breakfast, you will be checked-out from the hotel/resort and driven towards Alleppey; the backwater capital of Kerala. Arriving in Alleppey, check-in into a houseboat and get settle down. Also called the ‘Venice of the East’, Alleppey is known for its mesmerising beauty and charm. During your stay, you can enjoy and experience its meticulous grace along with its warm hospitality. Post this, you can take an exciting backwater cruise and discover the lush beauty of Alleppey’s amazing network of canals, evergreen paddy fields, coconut lagoons and coir villages. Overnight stay will be at the houseboat. From the ‘Backwater Capital’, today you will be driven to Kovalam, the ‘Beach Capital’ of Kerala. The journey will start post breakfast and will take around 4 hours. Arriving in Kovalam, you will be taken to the Kovalam Beach, where you can enjoy several beach activities. Adorned by the playful waves of the Arabian Sea, this sandy retreat is visited by a large number of beach lovers and is ideal for activities like swimming, sunbathing, herbal body massages, water sports and lot more. With the advent of the evening, you will be checked-in into a beach resort for your overnight stay.  Wake up to this lovely morning and get freshened up! Post this, you will be driven towards Kanyakumari or the ‘Land’s End Point’; en route, you can visit the stunning Padmanabhapuram Palace. Built by the Maharaja of Travancore in the 15th century, this wooden palace is an architectural marvel in its own. Following this, you will be visiting the pious Sucheendram Temple, and continuing your drive to Kanyakumari; the confluence point of Indian Ocean, Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal. Arriving in Kanyakumari by afternoon, you can enjoy an exciting boat ride to the Vivekananda Rock Memorial; the spot where Swami Vivekananda used to meditate. By evening, you can catch the magical views of the setting sun from nearby this memorial, and board the vehicles back to Kovalam for your overnight stay. Today will be the last day of this amazing and enchanting Kerala tour! After breakfast is served, you will be checked-out from the Kovalam beach resort, and driven to Trivandrum. Following your drop at the Trivandrum Airport, this heart-warming tour will come an end. Echo Point, Gundala Lake, Elephant Arrival Point, Cinema Shooting Point, Jungle Honey Bee Nest, Mattuppetty, Tata Tea Museum, Eravikulam National Park, Blossom Hydel Park, Spice Plantation, Anaimudi Peak, Periyar National Park, Houseboat Cruise, Kovalam Beach, Padmanabhapuram Palace, Sucheendram Temple, Vivekananda Rock Memorial Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
