https://www.ekeralatourism.net/5-nights-6-days-cochin-munnar-kumarakom-alleppey-tour-packages/
   (5 Nights / 6 Days)₹ 9,999/-  Cochin-Munnar-Kumarakom-Alleppey   With its abundance of greenery and the mountain Kerala has wound up a champion among the most popular tourist destination in the country. Eminent perfection grabs the thought of the guest and contiguous mountains have shocking point of view. Tourism region is the one of the standard division which contributes a considerable measure of the total national yield to Kerala. With the backwater lakes and houseboat this goal is a flat out must visit for all. Calm shorelines, mild climate, luxurious green incline hill stations, serene stretches out of backwaters, and stunning normal life are the most searched for after attractions of this region. Once you arrive at Cochin, our agents will pick you up and drop you off at the hotel. Once you have freshen up, you will be taken out for a cruise through the backwaters here. As you realize that Cochin is one of the best harbours on the planet also known as the “Queen of the Arabian Sea”. Absorb the peacefulness as you appreciate the ship rides and voyage around the man-made island. The huge greenery will clearly make you go gaga for the place with the astonishing perspectives. The best thing about this place is that this place is a mix of both conventional and present day of extreme yearning and high joy. Catch the dreamiest snapshot of the beautiful sunset here. Once the ride is completed, you will be dropped off at the hotel for a goodnight sleep.  After breakfast the hotel, our agent will pick you up and drive you to Munnar. Once you arrive here, check in to the pre-booked hotel. You can spend the rest of day as you wish. May be walk across the streets or go for shopping to the nearby markets.. Some invigorating and fragrant tea is everything necessary to make companions of outsiders and Munnar hill station is one of those spots known for magnificent create of this agri-sustenance. Dews on tea-leaves coming about because of the draping cloudy cover over the tea plant is one of the first sight that you will enjoy here. The moving slopes around Munnar are covered in emerald-green tea ranches, formed, cut and etched like decorative supports. The low Mountain View is eminent – you’re regularly up over the mists watching shroud of fog sticking to the peaks. Munnar town itself is a scruffy, similar to a North Indian hill station, but rather meander only a couple of kilometres away and you’ll be inundated in an ocean of a thousand shades of green. After a quick breakfast at the hotel, you will get the chance to experience the charming magnificence of Munnar! Following your breakfast at the hotel, you will set out on an entire day journey and touring around this perfect hill station. Amid the day, you will be taken to vacationer spots like Echo Point, Matuppetty, and Photo Point, Gundala Lake and Rajamalai National Park and other popular sightseeing destinations. The day likewise incorporates a visit to the lush green tea estates, Blossom Hydel Park, Elephant Spot, Headworks Dam, Tata Tea Museum and Pothamedu View Point from where you can appreciate stunning nightfall views. Once the sightseeing is completed, head back to the hotel for the night. Sleep a good night’s sleep here. After a luxurious breakfast at the inn, you will head to the wonderful Kumarakom. This little town is a gathering of stunning little islands on the Vembanad Lake, Kerala’s greatest lake in South India. It offers a pleasant viewpoint of emerald green backwaters of Kerala flanked by rich vegetation and paddy fields Kumarakom is most looked for after voyager objective due to its unsullied grandness and quietness. With miles of detachment and peace being a champion among the quietest commitments of Kumarakom, this enamoring goal has got something for everybody. Once you arrive at Kumarakom, check into the hotel and take some rest. In the evening then, you will be going for a cruise through the Kumarakom backwaters. This an ideal spot to unwind and inhale serenity. Head back to the hotel at night for a good night sleep. After a flavourful breakfast at the lodging, our specialist will drive you to the ‘place that is known for backwaters’, Alleppey. When you touch base in Alleppey, register with the pre-booked house boat. You will spend the night here. The front line houseboats are outfitted with each one of the comforts of a hotel room like AC, present day toilets, and kitchen. A persistent perspective of the hypnotizing life in the backwaters flanked with coconut trees can be acknowledged from a houseboat. A perfect place to release up with its laidback conduits and luxurious greenery. Loat along and investigate paddy fields of succulent green, proportional rice cargo vessels and town life along the banks. It is here that nature has spent upon the land her most lavish bounties. After a quick breakfast, you will be heading back to Cochin today. Our agent will drop you off at Cochin airport or railway station. With beautiful memories of backwaters and breath-taking scenery of the hills, you head back home. Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
