https://www.ekeralatourism.net/6-nights-7-days-cochin-kumarakom-alleppey-kovalam-tour-packages/
   (6 Nights / 7 Days)₹ 13,999/-  Cochin – Kumarakom – Alleppey – Kovalam   Kerala is an enthralling vacationer goal that renders monstrous chances to the travellers to savour the provincial appeal of the state favoured with plenitude of nature’s extravagance. This wonderful South Indian state is considered as a part of the best locales for the sightseers particularly nature admirers. A standout amongst the most imperative components appealing the vacationers from all over to Kerala is the shorelines and backwaters. The backwaters of Kerala include estuaries, enchanting conduits, and flawless lakes framing superb system along the bank of the state. Vacationers on the visit to Kerala get astounded with the entrancing magnificence enriched by its backwaters and shorelines as they sparkle as the precious stone in the neck of the state. Cochin radiates an impeccable blend of colonialism and flavours to offer the best to its visitors. The zest markets, specking islands, backwaters and shorelines, which are a short take-off have bit by bit progressed toward the summary of exercises and contribution in Cochin. Craftsmanship shows and eco visits have been the most creative ways that Cochin has looked. The mix of expansionism and contemporary musings in tourism has made Cochin a champion among the most looked for after tourist destination in India. Welcome to the lovely port city of Cochin. Your enchanting excursion through the backwaters of Kerala starts here. On your entry, our operators will lift you up and drop you off at the lodging. You will then be taken for touring and voyage to the backwater in Cochin. Go to the inn for the night. After a lavish breakfast at the lodging, you will head to the wonderful Kumarakom. This town is a gathering of flawless little islands on the Vembanad Lake, Kerala’s greatest lake in South India. It offers a beautiful viewpoint of emerald green backwaters of Kerala flanked by rich vegetation and paddy fields. Being improved with by and large affirmation by prudence of its backwater tourism, Kumarakom is most looked for after voyager objective in view of its immaculate grandness and tranquillity. With miles of detachment and peace being a champion among the most serene commitments of Kumarakom, this enthralling goal has got something for everybody. When you touch base at Kumarakom, register with the inn and take some rest. In the evening, you will be taken for boating along the lake and bird watching at the sanctuary.. A beguiling backwater goal, Kumarakom offers visitors various other amusement options. Kumarakom offers all type from dream cruises to bird spotting opportunities. In Kumarakom, the explorer has a rich scope of social and real not too bad assortment and offers one the authentic break from the shor of a city. On the off chance that you wish to hop into the experience of taking a sneak of nature, at that point Kumarakom is a champion among the most colossal goals in Kerala. Today, you will visit the best touring goals, for example, Aruvikkuzhi Waterfalls, Kumarakom shoreline, Pathiramanal, and Ettumanoor Mahadeva Temple. You can appreciate the best of nature in these goals and furthermore share in some exquisite exercises, for example, swimming and parasailing at the shoreline. At night, appreciate an excellent backwater voyage. Make a beeline for the inn for the night. After a heavenly breakfast at the lodging, our specialist will drive you to the ‘place that is known for backwaters’, Alleppey. When you land in Alleppey, register with the pre-booked house boat. You will spend the night here. The bleeding edge houseboats are outfitted with each one of the comforts of a fair inn room like AC, present day toilets, agreeable parlors, and kitchen. A consistent perspective of the entrancing life in the backwaters circumscribed with coconut trees can be acknowledged from a houseboat. A perfect place to relax up with its laidback conduits and extravagant greenery. Loat along and investigate paddy fields of succulent green, proportional rice cargo pontoons and town life along the banks. It is here that nature has spent upon the land her most excessive bounties.  Today, you will visit Kovalam! A champion among the most dazzling shoreline goal in God’s Own Country, this is the place you can play with the warm sands and welcome the engaging surges of the convincing Arabian Sea! Meeting up in Kovalam, visit the Kovalam Beach and acknowledge practices like sunbathing, swimming, home developed body rubs and a couple of others. Social ventures and sailboat adventure will seek after your day, and with the happening to the night, you will be enlisted in with a shoreline resort for the night. Today morning, after a speedy breakfast at the inn, get set for an invigorating trip at the Kovalam Beach. Visit the most staggering shoreline and appreciate a couple of stimulating and engaging activities in the midst of the quietness. Value sunbathing around the warm sands, play with the fiery waves, loosen up with an Ayurveda body work, and appreciate an assortment of water sports with your family. At dusk, drive back to the resort and benefit as much as possible from your stay at this excellent goals in Kerala. From Kovalam, you make a beeline for Trivandrum airplane terminal, we say farewell!  Today will be the latest day of this beautiful and enrapturing Kerala visit! After breakfast is served, you will be picked from the Kovalam shoreline resort, and dropped at Trivandrum. Following your drop at the Trivandrum Airport, this rousing trip will come an end.
 Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
