https://www.ekeralatourism.net/5-nights-6-days-wayanad-munnar-thekkady-tour-packages/
   (5 Nights / 6 Days)₹ 13,999/-  Wayanad – Munnar – Thekkady   Kerala is an incredible tourists destination of South India which sweeps travellers off their feet with its enchanting natural beauty. Located on the southwestern, Malabar Coast of India, it is aptly called “God’s Own Country”. Its rich cultural heritage, rejuvenating Ayurveda, delicious cuisine, Kathakali dance, beautiful landscapes, hill stations, beaches, backwaters, and many more attractions make it a famous travel destination of India. Each destination of Kerala has its own unique charm to offer.  Embark on this interesting 5 Nights 6 Days tour which will take you to some of the most fascinating and famous hill stations of Kerala- Wayanad, Munnar and Thekkady. Travel to these amazing hill stations of Kerala which are known for their fabulous climate and natural beauty. From lakes to streams, wildlife parks, tea and spice plantations, scenic landscapes and salubrious climate, these hill stations have a lot to offer.  Arrive at Cochin airport/railway station where you will be received by our representative with a warm smile. He will drive you to Wayanad. Once you reach Wayanad, check into the hotel. Freshen up and relax. Remaining day at leisure. Stay overnight stay at the hotel in Wayanad.  Kickstart your day with a delicious breakfast, then proceed to explore the enchanting attractions of Wayanad. Gifted with sheer natural beauty, Wayanad is ideally located on the Western Ghats at an altitude of 700-200 m. It boasts of lovely rivers, forests, and lakes. Head to Lakkidi, the gateway to Wayanad and is one of the highest points in Wayanad. Capture bird’s eye view of the valley from Lakkidi View Point and enjoy the beauty of lush green hills, streams, and gorges. Then head to Pookoda Lake, the highest natural freshwater lake in Kerala. It is a scenic lake surrounded by evergreen forests and mountain slopes. After this visit the wonderful Kuruva Island (a protected river delta) where you will find rare species of birds, herbal plants and orchids. It is accessible by rafts or fiber boats run by Kerala Tourism. Next on the list is Edakkal Caves, two natural caves with pictorial writings indicating prehistoric civilization in this region.  
After Wayanad sightseeing, we will drive you back to the hotel in Wayanad. Evening at leisure. Stay overnight at the hotel in Wayanad.
 Post breakfast, leave for Munnar. Although it is a long drive, on the way you will be refreshed with beautiful sights, scenic landscapes and much more. On arrival check into the hotel in Munnar. Relax and freshen up. Spend the remaining day at leisure. Overnight stay at the hotel in Munnar. Start the day with a delicious breakfast and then be ready to get enchanted with Munnar natural beauty and other famous attractions of Munnar. Our representative will take you for Munnar sightseeing tour showing you the best of Munnar. Start with a visit to the Eco Point and reconnect with the child inside you. It is a popular point known for its natural echo phenomenon. It is located at an altitude of 600 feet and is surrounded by lush greenery. Then head to Gundala Lake located in the middle of a thick timberland. It offers quiet and beautiful surroundings along with boat rides. Gundala Arch Dam is Asia’s first Arch Dam. Mattupetty Dam is another attraction on the list. It lies near the confluence of the mountain streams of Kundale River, Muthirappuzha River, and Chanduvarai River. Here many birds and animals flourish.  A visit to Eravikulam National Park is something you will always cherish. This park is home to the largest viable population of the endangered Nilgiri Tahr. Other Munnar attractions that will be covered are Anaimudi Peak, Photo Point, Cinema Shooting Point, Tata Tea Museum, spice plantation, and historical church. After sightseeing our representative will drive you back to the hotel. Stay overnight at the hotel in Munnar. Post breakfast, you will be transferred to another amazing hill station of Kerala- Thekkady. At certain stretches, the drive is scenic and refreshing. Upon arrival in Thekkady check into the hotel. Relax and get refreshed. Post this, we will take you on a sightseeing tour of Thekkady. Explore the tribal villages and gorgeous green plantations. Then enjoy a boat ride at the beautiful Periyar Lake and capture sights of the famous Periyar National Park. After enjoying all this, return to the hotel in Thekkady and spend the evening at leisure. Stay overnight at the hotel in Thekkady. In the morning post breakfast check out from the hotel and get transferred to Cochin with lovely memories of Kerala holidays.
Your tour ends today!
 See you soon on your next tour to another fascinating destination of India!
 Lakkidi, Lakkidi View Point, Pookoda Lake, Kuruva Island, boat ride, Edakkal Caves, scenic landscapes, Eco Point, Gundala Lake, Gundala Arch Dam, Mattupetty Dam, wildlife, rare birds, Anaimudi Peak, Nilgiri Tahr, Cinema Shooting Point, Tata Tea Museum, spice plantation, historical church, tea and spice plantations, Periyar Lake, Periyar National Park and tribal villages. Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
