https://www.ekeralatourism.net/5-nights-6-days-kanyakumari-kovalam-varkala-tour-packages/
   (5 Nights / 6 Days)₹ 9,999/-  Kanyakumari – Kovalam – Varkala   Everyone deserves a nice short break away from their stressful lives. A beach vacation is exactly what you need with your family if you are planning to get away from all the chaos of the city. The Kanyakumari, Kovalam and Varkala tour package offers you a getaway from the noise of the city mainly because these are one of the quietest tourist attractions all around the year. The 6 days 5 nights package ensures that your days are spent frolicking in water and sand. You won’t be stressed out in a hurry to visit too many places as we have a relaxing itinerary planned just for you! Arrive at Trivandrum airport and head to Kanyakumari. Your arrival at Kanyakumari will be an adventurous day. You can freshen up and have breakfast at the hotel and proceed to visit a few places of importance at Kanyakumari if you don’t want to spend the day relaxing. There are religious sites such as Amman Temple which is dedicated to Goddess Kanya Kumari. In the evening you can visit the beach at Kanyakumari and have some fun. There are two famous statues built to honour Swami Vivekananda and Thiruvalluvar, the both who were great Indian philosophers. You can reach these places by taking a ferry from Kanyakumari beach. Watch the sunset at Kanyakumari’s liquid horizon and enjoy the breathtaking moment. Sunsets on full moon nights are the most special as both the moonrise and sunset take place almost simultaneously. Head back to the hotel for dinner and rest. After a good night’s rest at the hotel, get ready to face a new day with a lovely breakfast! You will be traveling to Kovalam from your hotel at Kanyakumari by road and it is a short trip. Once you reach your hotel, check in and freshen up. You can use the afternoon and evening to visit a couple of beaches for fun. You can start by visiting a beautiful lake called Vellayani, which is just 7 Kms away from the city. You will love the view and serenity it has to offer. Head to Hawa beach and watch the beautiful sunset with a view of an imposing lighthouse. Head back to the hotel for dinner and a good night’s rest. Enjoy hot morning breakfast at the hotel. Your day will be full of splashes and cheer as this is a beach and river tour day. Lighthouse beach is the most spectacular beach in all of Kovalam. You can spend some time enjoying the water sports they have to offer. The beach hotels have delicious food to offer as well. Spend time visiting the Karamana River, which are the famed backwaters of Kovalam. They also have a dam called Aruvikkara, so you can halt and share a light snack with your family here. Next, head to the Samudra beach after lunch. You will notice how serene this place is since it is the quietest beach in Kovalam. Return to your hotel and relax as tomorrow is another day with travel in the cards! You will be moving out of your hotel at Kovalam post breakfast to travel to Varkala. The journey is only a couple of hours long so you can fit in a half day’s tour in Varkala as well. Upon arrival at the hotel, check in and freshen up. You can start your tour by visiting the Varkala Aquarium that has a collection of a large number of awe-inspiring fishes. You will be struck with the beauty of the diverse aquatic life they host. Next, you can spend the evening at the very famous Varkala Beach and spend time in the sun and sand. The waters are safe to play in so you and your family are in for an evening treat. Start your day with light breakfast and head to Ponnumthuruthu Island. You can hire a boat and enjoy the ferry to the island. It has a lot of greenery and a small temple that you can visit. Next, you can return and head to a duo that amazes all the tourists. You can go to Kappil Lake first and admire the calm scenery or participate in boating activities after which you can enjoy Kappil Beach where the backwater joins the ocean. This is one of the few places that have both a lake and a beach! Lastly, you can go to Papasnanam Beach, which is rocky and also a spiritual place for Hindu devotees. It gets a little more crowded than the other beaches but rest assures is a nice experience. We are sure that you will be worn out and tired by the end of the day, so head back to the hotel, have a hot meal and take rest. As all lovely vacations have to come to an end, you will pack up and depart from Varkala to Trivandrum with a lot of happy memories of your beach vacation. Amman Temple, Kanyakumari beach, Swami Vivekananda’s statue, Thiruvalluvar statue, Vellayani lake, Hawah Beach, Lighthouse beach, Karamana River, Aruvikkara dam, Samudra beach, Varkala Aquarium, Varkala beach, Ponnumthuruthu Island, Kappil beach, Kappil lake, Papasnanam beach Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
