https://www.ekeralatourism.net/5-nights-6-days-kochi-mararikulam-kanyakumari-kovalam-tour-packages/
   (5 Nights / 6 Days)₹ 14,999/-  Kochi – Mararikulam – Kanyakumari – Kovalam   Kerala has always been a popular destination for tourists. The state is blessed with beautiful beaches, quaint backwaters and a canopy of green all around. A pure blissful calmness makes the beaches of Kerala all the more alluring. The Kochi – Mararikulam – Kanyakumari – Kovalam Tour allows you to embrace the most spectacular quality of God’s own country, which is, stillness. Be a part of this enchanting journey and explore the soft white sands and turquoise water bodies of Kerala. The 6 days 5 nights tour through this magical land gives you a chance to explore its natural galore and sink yourself in its gorgeous surroundings. Your first day in Kerala is going to be as laid back as the place itself. Upon arrival, you will be warmly greeted by our representatives. After checking in at the hotel, you can lounge and relax. Take in the quiet beauty that surrounds you and enjoy a sound sleep after a filling lunch. After a refreshing start in the morning with delicious breakfast, check out from the hotel and begin your journey towards Mararikulam. The famous Marari Beach is among the top destination to explore here. Coconut palm trees, crystal clear water and glistering sand are what await you at this paradise. After your fill of the beach, you get to visit International Coir Museum, which has exquisite historical coir products. Check in at Mararikulam hotel for dinner and overnight stay. Post a hearty breakfast, check out of the hotel and make your way to Kanyakumari. This sacred land is not just beautiful to explore but is also enshrouded in mysticism. Your very first rendezvous with the natural beauty of Kanyakumari is going to be the point where Indian Ocean, Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal confluence. This mergence of the three great seas is a sight to behold. Next on the list is Kanyakumari Beach, which is famous for its view of sunset and moon rise. Other places to see are Vivekananda Rock Memorial, the holy ground where this great man meditated and Padmanabhapuram Palace. Check in at the hotel in Kanyakumari and enjoy your dinner and a night stay.  Get up early to soak in the dewy fresh mornings of Kerala. Enjoy a warm breakfast and post checkout, head out towards Kovalam. Spend an entire day at the spectacular Kovalam Beach where you can splash yourself with the playful waves and soak in the sun. Just a walk on the soft sand would put you at ease and allow you to experience a unique calmness. You can also get a taste of thrill by enjoying some water sports that are very popular at this beach. End this blissful day with a scrumptious dinner and overnight stay at the hotel. Wake up to another beautiful Kovalam morning and tuck into mouthwatering breakfast. Then head towards the first destination on the list for the day, Lighthouse Beach. This scenic spot is popular among tourists as it presents a marvelous sight filled with landmarks and natural beauty. Move from the happening to the calm as you make you way to Samudra Beach. Unlike Lighthouse Beach which is bustling and has an array of shacks and restaurants, Samudra Beach is removed from crowd and chaos. End your day with warm supper and night stay at hotel.  This beautiful journey comes to an end at this juncture. You are driven to Trivandrum airport from where you depart taking with you a sack full of amazing memories.  Marari Beach, International Coir Museum, Kanyakumari Confluence Point, Kanyakumari Beach, Vivekananda Rock Memorial, Padmanabhapuram Palace, Kovalam Beach, Lighthouse Beach, Samudra Beach Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
