https://www.ekeralatourism.net/4-nights-5-days-munnar-allepey-thekkady-tour-packages/
   (4 Nights / 5 Days)₹ 8,999/-  Munnar – Allepey – Thekkady   If a family tour is what you are planning, then Kerala is the destination you must head to. Its enchanting charm and pristine air is sure to bring you and your family closer and give you memories umpteen. Located in South India, Kerala is home to beautiful beaches, hill stations and calm backwaters. From when you land to when you leave, the beauty of this state is sure to mesmerize you. With this Munnar, Thekkady, Alleppey family tour package, you will get the chance to explore and experience the exotic destinations here. Get ready for a tour like never before with us. So, come along and let’s together explore these jewel destinations of Kerala within 4 nights and 5 days. One of the most popular tourist destination in South India, Munnar is a hill station in the Western Ghats. Once you arrive at Cochin airport, you will be warmly welcomed by our aides and delegates. You and your family will then be driven to Munnar in a comfortable AC car. You will also experience a drop in the temperature as you reach closer to Munnar. Once you reach Munnar, check in to the pre-booked hotel and freshen up. Spend the night resting at the hotel.  As the beam of sunlight find their way to your room, wake up to a delightful morning and get spruced up and appreciate a sumptuous breakfast at the hotel. Post this, you will be guided for an entire day touring visit wherein you will visit the critical milestones and other essential places in Munnar.  You will be taken for sightseeing to Mattuppetty, Gundala Lake, Echo Point, Elephant Spot, Cinema Shooting, Photo Point, and a few other destinations. Amid the day, you will likewise visit Eravikulam National Park where you can appreciate recognizing the extraordinary Nilgiri Tahr and a few other natural life species. Post this, a visit to Anaimudi Peak; the most elevated mountain peak in South India, alongside International Blossom(Hydel) Park, Tata Tea Museum, zest manors and different spots. Thekkady is adorned with Nature’s best and is home to the largest Tiger Reserve in India. Today morning; following your breakfast at the Munnar hotel, gather your bags and checkout from the hotel. Once that is completed, our delegates will drive you towards the ravishing Thekkady town, where you can enjoy a variety of activities amidst the lush green nature. Here, you will also get the chance to spot different species of wild animals and birds. This is a perfect destination for those that love time with nature. The young ones in your family will sure have a delightful time watching these different species here. Once you arrive at this beautiful town, check in to the hotel and freshen up. You will then be heading out to explore the nooks and corners of Thekkady. Grasp the captivating excellence of God’s Own Country, and take part in the boat ride to the national reserve. Once the boat ride is over, you can walk through the little markets and shop for gift items. Return back at the hotel for an overnight stay.  Popularly known for the houseboat cruises that it offers, Alleppey is a destination for all! After a quick fulfilling breakfast at your hotel, our delegates will drive you to the land of backwaters, Alleppey. Otherwise called the ‘Venice of the East’, this land of backwaters is a genuine fortune trove for the nature darlings, honeymooners, relaxation searchers, families and different classes of guests too.  Once you arrive at Allepey, check in to the pre-booked houseboat. You will be spending the night here. Savour the experience of the facilities and enhancements inside the house boat and go through the rich coconut tidal ponds, endless paddy fields, narrow trenches and coir towns. Also spend time here unwinding and enjoy the mesmerising view of nature.  After breakfast, checkout from the houseboat. Wish farewell to Alleppey and take your last drive to Cochin. With beautifully wrapped memories and gifts for loved ones, your energizing family trip comes to an end.  Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
