https://www.ekeralatourism.net/5-nights-6-days-cochin-munnar-thekkady-alleppey-tour-packages/
   (5 Nights / 6 Days)₹ 9,999/-  Cochin – Munnar – Thekkady – Alleppey   It is necessary isn’t it to plan a family trip at least once a year, it helps to re-bond and spark new lights. Amidst the daily routine of working to pay bills and meet the societal needs, we often fail to give attention to our backbone, family. Therefore, you should make a family trip a habit and make sure it happens more often. And Kerala, popularly known as God’s own Country is a perfect destination for a family trip. Its pristine backwaters, beaches and lush greenery, is sure to revive the old sparks in your family and give you some memorable time. Here, you can indulge in fun activities and also partake in simply relaxing and unwinding amidst nature. Come join us and we will walk through the nooks and corners to help you enjoy the best of Kerala.  With this tour package, you will get the chance to witness the blend of new and old in Cochin, unwind at Munnar, spot wildlife at Thekkady and cruise through the backwaters at Alleppey. Also known as the queen of Arabian Sea, Cochin is a beautiful destination that welcomes all its visitors with its hues of new and old. Cochin, the intersection purpose of the charming Arabian Sea and the Silent Backwater, will be your host for the day. With your entry in this pictorial port-city, you will be warmly welcomed by our agents. Henceforth, you will be registered in with a hotel, where you can loosen up, unwind and get spruced up.  In spite of the fact that it is a city, Cochin still holds solid to its foundations and societies. To observe and appreciate the various features of Cochin, you will be taken to a social show at night, where you can appreciate Kathakali dance executed by nearby specialists. Post this energetic and dynamic show, you will be guided back to the hotel for an overnight stay.  After a sumptous breakfast at the hotel, our executives will pick you up and drive you to your next destination, Munnar. Indulged by rich greeneries, protected by enrapturing slopes and mountains, and bordered with ceaseless tea estates, Munnar is otherwise called the ‘Nature Lover’s Paradise’ and will doubtlessly hold you and your family with much love and endless things to do. Once you land here in the evening, check in to the hotel. Rest, relax and freshen up, enjoy delicious dinner. An overnight stay at the hotel.  Famous for its endangered Goat and lush green tea plantations, Munnar is an idyllic destination perfect for families.  After a quick breakfast at the hotel, you will get the chance to experience the charming magnificence of Munnar! Following your breakfast at the hotel, you will set out on an entire day journey and touring around this perfect hill station. Amid the day, you will be taken to vacationer spots like Echo Point, Matuppetty, and Photo Point, Gundala Lake and Rajamalai National Park and other popular sightseeing destinations. The day likewise incorporates a visit to the lush green tea estates, Blossom Hydel Park, Elephant Spot, Headworks Dam, Tata Tea Museum and Pothamedu View Point from where you can appreciate stunning nightfall views. Once the sightseeing is completed, head back to the hotel for the night. Sleep a good night’s sleep here. Perfect for a jungle vacation, at Thekkady, you will get the chance to spot wild animals and experience living in wild.  Early morning, appreciate a flavourful breakfast while revering the unblemished excellence of Munnar! Post this, gather your bags as you will be driven to yet another exotic destination, home to Periyar National Park, Thekkady. Once you land in Thekkady, check in to the hotel and freshen up, sip some tea and take some rest in your comfortable room. Enjoy the lush green beauty of this town. Post this, you will be taken for a guided innate visit to a close-by town, ranch. Lastly a night boat ride to Periyar National Park. Once the boat ride is over, you can directly head back to the hotel or spend time shopping for knick-knacks in the little markets here. With its charm and pristine backwaters, Alleppey welcomes all its visitors giving them memories umpteen! A trip to Kerala is never complete unless you visit Alleppey. Today, after a quick breakfast at the Thekkady hotel, you will be driven towards Alleppey or the ‘Backwater Capital of Kerala. Known for its captivating backwaters, wind pontoon races, sputtering channels, lavish greeneries and substantially more, Alleppey is otherwise called ‘Alappuzha’ or the ‘Venice of the East’.  Once you arrive at this beautiful destination, check in to the pre-booked houseboat here. Get spruced up and use the endearing facilities and civilities offered here. Post this, voyage through the backwater, find the influencing magnificence of the thin trenches, verdant paddy fields, coconut tidal ponds and coir towns; you will be staying the night here.  Early morning, indulge in delicious breakfast at the houseboat, our delegates will drive you back to where it all began, Cochin. You will be dropped to the airport or railway station at Cochin. With memories umpteen and smiles, we bid goodbye! Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
