https://www.ekeralatourism.net/6-nights-7-days-munnar-thekkady-alleppey-kovalam-tour-packages/
   (6 Nights / 7 Days)₹ 13,999/-  Munnar – Thekkady – Alleppey – Kovalam – Kanyakumari   A family trip to Kerala is must. This state in South India is adorned with some of nature’s best blessings. Its lush green forests, pristine beaches and soothing backwaters are ones that you should experience with your family. The beauty of this place is sure to rejuvenate and bring in the excitement back in your family. It is a tourist destination for groups of all people. Whatever your definition of fun, Kerala offers them all! During this tour, we will take you through the beautiful hill station of Munnar, wilderness in Thekkady and beaches of Kerala. You and your family will get the chance to experience the beauty of this state like never before. So, come along and partake in this journey with this budget friendly tour package of ours. You are sure to create memories worth a lifetime here. Following your landing in the Cochin International Airport, you will be welcomed whole heartedly by our aides and agents. Post this, you will be heading to the grand hill station of Munnar. Otherwise called the ‘Nature Lover’s Paradise’. Once you arrive at Munnar, check into the pre-booked hotel. Spend the rest of the day strolling through the nearby markets and appreciate the staggering beauty of this little town.  A hill station located in Idukki district in Kerala, Munnar is a perfect getaway for families far away from the humdrums of a city. A fortune trove for the nature sweethearts, honeymooners, recreation searchers and every different class of voyagers, Munnar is a perfect touring goal in Kerala! Today morning, after a quick breakfast at the hotel, you can set out on a magnificent touring visit and find every one of the glories of this exquisite slope station town. On the rundown, there will be picturesque tourist spots like Echo Point, Cinema Shooting Point, Gundala Lake, Elephant Arrival Point, Jungle Honey Bee Nest and a few different spots Mattuppetty, Tata Tea Museum, Blossom Hydel Park, Eravikulam National Park, zest estate and Anaimudi Peak will likewise be visited amid the day. By night, you will be guided back to the hotel for an overnight stay! Home to Periyar National Park, Thekkady is a perfect destination for wildlife spotting. Following your enthusiastic Munnar journey on the earlier day, today you will be driven towards Thekkady. Home to the untamed life rich Periyar National Park, this vacationer town is known for its real to life and immaculate magnificence.  Once you arrive here, check in to the hotel and spend the evening unwinding for some time, you will be taken for a rural inborn visit to an adjacent town pursued by an estate visit. Come evening, you can profit a watercraft ride in the Periyar Lake and appreciate the wilderness of the Periyar National Park. Coming back from the ride, you can enjoy neighbourhood shopping before heading back to the hotel for a good night’s sleep.  Popularly known as the land of backwaters, Alleppey is a land perfect for unwinding. After breakfast at the hotel, our executive will pick you up from the hotel and drive you towards the Alleppey, the backwater capital of Kerala. Once you arrive here, check in to the pre-booked and appreciate entrancing magnificence of this town. Amid your stay here, you can appreciate and encounter its fastidious beauty alongside its warm accommodation. Post this, you can take an energizing backwater journey and find the rich magnificence of Alleppey’s stunning system of waterways, evergreen paddy fields, coconut tidal ponds and coir towns. Get back to the hotel for an overnight stay.  Kovalam is one of the most beautiful shoreline in Kerala. Its pristine waters and waves is sure to keep you mesmerised. From the ‘Backwater Capital’, today you will be headed to Kovalam, the ‘Shoreline Capital’ of Kerala. The voyage will begin post breakfast and will take around 4 hours. Once you arrive in Kovalam, you will be taken to the Kovalam Beach, where you can appreciate a few shoreline exercises. Decorated by the fun loving rushes of the Arabian Sea, this sandy withdraw is visited by an extensive number of shoreline darlings and is perfect for exercises like swimming, sunbathing, home grown body rubs, water games and part more. With the appearance of the night, you can check in at a shoreline resort for an overnight stay.  Witness the beautiful sunset in the beautiful tip of the country, Kanyakumari. Wake up to this exquisite morning and get spruced up! Post this, you will be driven towards Kanyakumari or the ‘Land’s End Point’; in transit, you can visit the dazzling Padmanabhapuram Palace. Worked by the Maharaja of Travancore in the fifteenth century, this wooden royal residence is a design wonder in its own. Following this, you will visit the devout Sucheendram Temple, and proceeding with your drive to Kanyakumari; the intersection purpose of Indian Ocean, Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal.  Landing in Kanyakumari by evening, you can appreciate an energizing pontoon ride to the Vivekananda Rock Memorial; the spot where Swami Vivekananda used to reflect. By night, you can get the mysterious perspectives of the setting sun from close-by this commemoration, and board the vehicles back to Kovalam for the night. From Kovalam, you head to Trivandrum airport, we bid goodbye! Today will be the last day of this astonishing and captivating Kerala visit! After breakfast is served, you will be picked from the Kovalam shoreline resort, and headed to Trivandrum. Following your drop at the Trivandrum Airport, this inspiring visit will come an end. Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
