https://www.ekeralatourism.net/how-to-reach-kerala/
  Guarded by the mighty Western Ghats, adorned by the alluring Arabian Sea, and cossetted by the silent backwaters, Kerala entices visitors from all across the globe! Fringed with evergreen and playful coconut groves, this scenic state in the southern part of India wears many hats. Fondly called the ‘Spice Garden of India’ or the ‘God’s Own Country’, it attracts visitors from almost all the walks of life. Be it the history digger, leisure travellers, honeymooners, adventure junkies, or any other types of visitors, Kerala offers a fair share to everyone! Being a prominent name in India’s tourism map, the state also enjoys a good connectivity with other major cities across the country. Be it by overland, train, flight, or through waterways, Kerala is well-connected with other popular tourist destinations. Here is how you can reach Kerala and make your holiday memorable while unravelling its magical charm and appeal: 1By Road: Roadways are mostly preferred by the wanderlusts who crave to discover and have a tryst with the bountiful nature of Kerala! The state is connected with other parts of the country through the National Highways – 17, 47, and 49. One can also reach Kerala easily from almost all the major cities of its neighbouring states like Karnataka and Tamil Nadu; regular buses or private vehicles are available from these cities. Overland journeys are also preferred by the visitors plying intrastate as Kerala has a good network of state highways and metallic roads. 2By Train: Irrespective of which metropolitan city you are in, you can reach Kerala without any difficulty as the state is well-connected through railways with Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, and Chennai. Other major Indian cities like Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mangalore, Chandigarh, Amritsar, Madgaon, Patna, Guwahati, and Dehradun also has trains to Kerala. Also, as the state itself has more than 200 railway stations, train journey within the state becomes extremely easy and effortless for the visitors. 3By Air: Flight journey is in fact the easiest way to reach Kerala! On a whole, the state has three international airports – Thiruvananthapuram International Airport, Kochi International Airport, and Calicut International Airport. Almost all these three airports are well-connected with both national and international destinations. Visitor can board direct flights from across the globe to reach Kerala by air. 4By Sea: Waterways also prove to be one of the convenient ways to reach Kerala! To be more precise here, visitors can reach God’s Own Country easily from Lakshadweep Islands through the Arabian Sea; regular ships are available between Kochi (Cochin) and Lakshadweep Islands. Also, while enjoying holidays in Kerala, visitors can enjoy waterway journey across the silent backwaters and the numerous canals, river ways, and lakes in Kerala. 4 Night / 5 Days View More 5 Night / 6 Days View More 6 Night / 7 Days View More 7 Night / 8 Days View More 8 Night / 9 Days View More Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
