https://www.ekeralatourism.net/backwaters/
  Kerala is the home to some of the most magical and equally enchanting natural marvels! While on a trip to this scenic state in the southern part of the country, visitors get to unravel these bountiful marvels and revel in their miraculous beauty! And while talking about the magical charm and beauty of Mother Nature in God’s Own Country, it is the ‘Backwaters’ that occupies a visitor’s mind! A paradise for the visitors, Kerala is in fact one of the finest and spectacular backwater destinations across the globe! Dotted with swaying coconut groves, adorned with the charm of turquoise lagoons, and blended with an intricate network of canals, backwaters in Kerala not only open the doors to a new world, but also entices the visitors on a Kerala trip to fall in love with the same. Let’s manoeuvre across some of the most bewitching backwater destinations in Kerala, and make your holidays memorable for the rest of your life! Alleppey Backwaters The 'Mecca' among all the backwater destinations in Kerala, Alleppey sits graciously on the banks of Vembanad Lake. The untouched nature, pristine beauty, and alluring charm of this gorgeous city makes it one of the most romantic destinations you can visit. Visit Alleppey Backwaters, embark on a houseboat cruise, sit back and curate timeless memories. Thiruvananthapuram  Thiruvananthapuram – the confluence point of tradition, modernity, fun, frolic, romance, leisure, adventure and thrill, is the home to the spellbinding Thiruvallam Backwaters. Flowing through the Veli Village; around 6km from Trivandrum, this stretch of Thiruvallam Backwater is also known for its array of fun-filled and enthralling offerings. Kuttanad Backwaters Kuttanad Backwaters is in fact the most silent, serene, tranquil, and alluring backwater destination in Kerala. The backwaters in Kuttanad carries a unique mysticism. The lapping water, the swaying coconut grooves, and the lively houseboat manoeuvring through the backwaters in this region will surely offer you a piece of heaven! Kottayam Backwaters The swaying Kottayam Backwaters just seems to be another sonnet! This part of Kerala Backwaters carry an irresistible rhythm of its own. The silent backwater flowing flawlessly, the elegant, yet steady houseboats cruising through them, and the untouched beauty of the Vembanad Lake; everything in Kottayam is meant to keep you captivated! Kollam Backwaters Visit the Kollam Backwaters to discover how peaceful God's Own Country is! Bestowed with the miraculous charm of Ashtamudi Lake, this portion of backwater resonates the true charm and allurement ofIndia’s Spice Capital. Come, feel the magic, and spend some leisure moments while seated back in a houseboat sliding over the Kollam Backwaters! Kumarakom Backwaters Graced by the charm of blue lagoons, turquoise lakes, and playful coconut groves, Kumarakom Backwaters can easily get you infected with its charm! Embraced with the enchanting beauty of the Vembanad Lake, this stretch of backwaters in Kerala got enlisted as 'One of the Top 50 Destinations of a Lifetime' by National Geographic. Kozhikode Backwaters Rated as the most laid-back backwaters in Kerala, Kozhikode Backwaters is one of the most sought after tourist destinations among the peace lovers. Dotted with captivating lagoons, a network of canals, and a prismatic range of flora and fauna, and bestowed, this is the place you must not miss while searching for Kerala Backwaters. Kasaragod Backwater Scenic views, heart-warming houseboat stays, fun-filled cruises, and the eternal silence of Kasargod Backwaters will surely behold all your senses! Unlike other backwater destinations in Kerala, this portion offers a unique experience that speaks volume through its captivating beauty, tranquil calmness and plenitude of leisure options to the visitors. Cochin Backwaters How about a backwater cruise whileunravelling the beauty of traditional fishing nets, palm-fringed lagoons, and scenic villages while being accompanied by all the modern glitz? Sounds fascinating, right? Well, a visit to the miraculous Cochin Backwaters is all you need to fulfil all your backwater fantasies while on a Kerala tour! Houseboat Cruises Houseboat cruises should always be the first thing to do while enjoying the Kerala Backwaters! These tours are ideal for all types of vacations and serves as the most ideal way to unravel the alluring beauty of the silent, yet irresistible backwaters in God’s Own Country. Canoeing and Kayaking If there is anything apart from the houseboat cruises that can get you introduced with the bountiful beauty of backwaters, it has to be wither kayaking or canoeing. Join these exciting expeditions, row through the backwaters, explore pictorial villages, manoeuvre through never-ending paddy fields, and discover an array hidden marvels. Feast on the Kerala Boat Race Fulfil all your childhood dream of witnessing the much acclaimed Snake Boat Race while touring around Kerala! Visit Alleppey during the second Saturday of August, and you can be a witness to the much awaited and vigorously enjoyed Snake Boat Race Competition or the 'Nehru Trophy Boat Race'. Ayurvedic Therapies The pristine land of Kerala can also be called as the 'Land of Relaxation and Rejuvenation'! And if you find this hard to believe in, try to get an Ayurvedic therapy done; the God's Own Country is the home to some of the finest and most relaxing Ayurveda spas in the world. Shop to the Beach and Back This backwater destination also serves as a wonderful shopping destination to the visitors. Starting from traditional arts and crafts to home-made spices, you can get everything around the livelier beaches of Kerala if you are really good at bargaining! Beach Fun and Activities Sit back, relax, laze around, and repeat! Yes, while enjoying the miraculous charm of Kerala Backwaters, you can carelessly follow the schedule while sun-basking, strolling, indulging in various beach activities, or simply witnessing the openness of the mighty Arabian Sea across the beaches in Kerala. Treat Your Taste Buds If 'South Indian' delicacies sound tempting to you, Kerala style foods will surely make your taste buds go gaga! Whether the authentic Chettinad Chicken dishes, the exotic range of sea foods, the traditional appam, or the types of banana chips, every foodie will find the backwaters in India’s Spice Capital as gastronomic heavens to treat your taste buds.  282km / 7 Hrs  (Main Central Road) Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
