https://www.ekeralatourism.net/adventure/
  Cossetted by the charm and thrills of the might Western Ghats and the captivating Arabian Sea, Kerala or the “God’s Own Country” proves to be one of the most adventurous destinations in India. Thrill seekers from almost all over the globe throngs this imposing state to satiate all their cravings for the much desired adrenaline rush! Be it on the land, in the water, or along the high soaring clouds, Kerala promises adventure of all sorts and types to its visitors. While the state is jotted with numerous rolling hills and astounding peaks, it also caters to those adventure junkies who yearn for some of the enthralling activities in the water and high above the ground! If you are planning for a Kerala trip, here is a list of some of the most exciting and must-do adventure things to do in Kerala: 1Wildlife Safari: Kerala is a home to diverse and exotic wildlife reserves that serves as the ideal abode to some of the rare and endangered wildlife species. For the wildlife or nature lovers, the state offers an array of adventure things to do in Kerala. For the wildlife enthusiasts, they can delve deep into national parks and wildlife reserves like Periyar National Park, Parambikulam Wildlife Sanctuary, Idukki Wildlife Sanctuary, Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary, Mangalavanam Bird Sanctuary, and quench all their yearning to have an encounter with the jungle dwellers. 2Surfing: Kerala, the ‘Queen of the Malabar Coast’ is a picture-perfect destination for the adventure seekers who crave for some extra adrenaline rush! Located on the coastal areas of the mighty Arabian Sea, God’s Own Country serves as an ideal surfing destination in the southern part of India. Favourable winds, gentle height, and the presence of expert or PADI certified surfing schools make Kerala a befitting surfing destination in India. 3Bamboo Rafting: If you are planning a Kerala trip, and want to explore the wilder side of the state, you must visit Thekkady and join the fun and excitement of bamboo rafting in the Periyar Lake. One of the unique and equally offbeat adventure things to do in Kerala, bamboo rafting in Periyar Lake takes the adventure junkies along the ridges of the fascinating Periyar National Park that serves as a natural home to many rare and endangered wildlife species. 4Paragliding: While booking your Kerala tour packages, make sure that your package includes a visit to the prismatic lands of Vagamon! Located in the Idduki district of God’s Own Country, this gorgeous hamlet is a home to several adventure things to do in Kerala; paragliding is one among them. A much sought after adventure activity, paragliding in Vagamon takes the thrill seekers for an adrenaline pumping ride along with the soaring clouds, and offer the best aerial views of God’s Own Country. In case, you have missed paragliding in Vagamon, make sure you don’t repeat such blunders again! 5Jeep Safaris or Off-Roading: The miraculous beauty of Kerala is synonymous to the tip of an iceberg; what is visible, is only a small portion of what lies beneath! No matter how far and wide you traverse, you would not be able to explore the true magic of Kerala unless you embark on a jeep safari or off-roading experience! These sturdy vehicles take the visitors to areas that are near to impossible to access, and offer the untouched beauty and charm of God’s Own Country. Also, as manoeuvring through the tricky, challenging, rugged, and narrow terrains require a lot of guts and experience, visitors get their much desired adrenaline rush while on a jeep safari or off-roading in Kerala. 6Trekking: Jotted with numerous hills and mountains, Kerala enchants the adventure freaks with an ample of trekking options! Bestowed with the grace and charm of the Western Ghats, the state also offers several remote villages, coastal areas, dense jungles, and scenic plains to the trekking enthusiasts. Also, while trekking in Kerala, trekkers can choose from a range of trekking destinations according to their trekking skills and experience. Destinations like Munnar, Wayanad, Thekkady, and others are some of the popular trekking destinations in Kerala. 7Scuba Diving and Snorkelling: Embraced by the enchanting charm of the Arabian Sea, Kerala also entices the fans of scuba diving and snorkelling! The azure water and the favourable depth of the sea serve as an ideal destination for these two adventure activities. If you are one among those thrill seekers who desire to dive deep into the bosom of the sea and have a tryst with the magical beauty of the marine life, plan a Kerala tour; all your dreams will come true! 8Camping: To witness, explore, discover, and enjoy the untouched beauty of God’s Own Country, one must step out of their comfort zones and indulge in camping in Kerala! With some of the most gorgeous and evergreen locales, the Spice Garden of India boasts of bountiful beauty and attracts adventure freaks who yearns to romance the outdoors and satiate their thirst for thrill and excitement. While on a Kerala trip, thrill seekers can make it to destinations like Munnar, Gavi, Nelliyampathy, Parambikulam, and Ponmudi to pump in some adrenalines while camping in Kerala. 9Mountain Biking: Kerala on wheels is an experience that simply cannot be described in words! Unlike other popular cycling destinations in the country, this prismatic state boasts of its mixed types of terrains; one can pedal through the winding hilly terrains, coastal areas, across the plantations, rugged trails, and lot more. Destinations like Vagamon, Vandiperiyar, Kumily, Kohlkumalai, Munnar, Cochin, and others are some of the most sought after cycling or mountain biking destinations in Kerala. 10Kayaking: For the adventure lovers who seek for fun, excitement and thrill; but not the hard-core ones, they can embark in kayaking expeditions in Kerala! During your Kerala trip, if you happen to visit places like Alleppey and Kumarakom, you will surely get acquainted with the enchanting beauty of the backwaters. While these stretches of backwaters serves as ideal grounds for the houseboat cruisers, adrenaline seekers finds them as the most suitable destination to plunge into a kayak and enjoying rowing across remote villages, azure lagoons and lot more in Kerala. 11Rock Climbing or Mountaineering: If heights and challenges excite you, Kerala trip is a must for you! Bestowed with rugged, craggy and fascinating hills, this scenic Indian state serves as an ideal host to several rock climbing or mountaineering destinations for the thrill seekers. If you are planning to book Kerala tour packages, make sure they include a visit to destinations like Eruthavoor in Thiruvananthapuram and Thenmala in Kollam as these places offers exhilarating spots to challenge your own limits while indulging in rock climbing! 4 Night / 5 Days View More 5 Night / 6 Days View More 6 Night / 7 Days View More 7 Night / 8 Days View More 8 Night / 9 Days View More Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
