https://www.keralatourism.org/kerala-article/8point-art-cafe/789
  Ever wished for a space away from the maddening crowd, to have some delicious delicacies along with a pinch of art and colours? Then 8 Point Art Café will be your dream destination!

Situated in the heart of the bustling city of Kollam, this centuries-old edifice welcomes you with its art, architecture and delicious cuisine. 

Functioning in a renovated heritage structure 'Parambarya' inside the Asramam Picnic Village campus, 8 Point Art Café blends art and food in the most fascinating fashion. It is the city’s first art gallery that still shines as a major hangout spot. One can feel art in every nook and corner of this Café. This serene-secluded space next to the Ashtamudi Lake got its unique title from the eight creeks of the Lake and the eight art forms integrated into its gallery.

Love for art, books, savouring delicacies and a peaceful ambience makes 8 Point Art Café a beloved corner for many. A Little Free Library with around 50 books, first of its kind in Kerala, is also set up in the courtyard of the café. The library allows the readers to take any book without paying a fee by keeping another book. 

Being a center of cultural events, performances and exhibitions, the café is a favourite of tourists and locals alike. This incredible confluence of art and taste has been introduced by the famous muralist and art director Mr. Shenley who took the 'Parambarya' building from District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC), Kollam to form 8 Point Art Café. 

Whether it is a day out with your friends or a romantic date with the love of your life or to spend some time alone, 8 Point Art Café is ready to serve you with the best of its kind experience!  

Contact details: +91 474 2970256 Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
