https://www.keralatourism.org/destination/meenmutty-waterfalls-kalpetta/541
  Imagine water crashing onto the ground from over a 1000 ft. in three separate levels while an entire rainforest plays its role as the patient, supporting audience. This and much more await you at Meenmutty Falls, one among Wayanad’s delightful treasures. It can be only accessed after an arduous 2 km jungle trek, the visuals on display at the summit are worth the effort. One has separate viewing points for each of the three decks of the waterfalls and due to its location this is one of the few natural wonders in the world that can be experienced in near seclusion. You feel at ease, while the lush greenery gently washes away all that ails your soul, as the roaring water gently soothes your senses. A masterpiece, that lies on the Ooty route in Wayanad. Nearest railway station:  Kozhikode, via Kozhikode-Vythiri-Gudallur Hwy, about 97 km Nearest airport:  Calicut International Airport, via Kozhikode - Nilambur - Gudallur Rd, about 107 km Latitude: 11.527124, Longitude: 76.236334 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
