https://www.ekeralatourism.net/destinations/wayanad/
  Nestled amidst the fascinating charm of the Western Ghats, Wayanad or the twelfth district of God’s Own Country is among the most popular and highest visited tourist destinations in Kerala. Perched at an astounding height of 700 to 2,100m, this paradise is also revered as a pictorial hill station in the southern tip of the Deccan Plateau. Canopied by dense and evergreen thickets, Wayanad proves to be an ideal destination for visitors from all the walks of life. Whether a leisure seeker yearning for some pleasant moments, honeymooners looking for some romantic memories, adventure junkies planning for adrenaline rush, backpackers craving for secluded moments; everyone can find their fair share while on a Kerala trip to Wayanad. Also, owing to the pristine and untouched beauty, this scenic hill station also serves as an ideal home a diverse range of wildlife. No matter what you are looking for or when you are looking for, you can plan a tour to Kerala and visit the gorgeous hill station of Wayanad anytime you want!  1By Road: Wayanad has a good network of roads, and is well-connected with most of the major cities in South India. Visitors can avail regular buses from these cities or can opt for private vehicles to reach Wayanad. 2By Train: Nilambur Road serves as the nearest railway station to this gorgeous hill station. Since the station is located around 51km away, visitors can reach Wayanad easily from here. Following the Nilambur Road, Koyilandy Train Station at a distance of 53km serves as the second nearest railway station to reach Wayanad. 3By Air: Wayanad do not have its own airport. Calicut International Airport at a distance of 61km, and Mysore Airport at a distance of 87km serves as the two nearest airports to reach Wayanad.  1Winter (December to February): If you are in love with the frosty climate, you will surely find winter as the best time to visit Wayanad! Starting from December, winter in this scenic hill station continues to February, and is characterised by minimal temperature. This period of the year is indeed the most ideal time to visit the pictorial locales of Wayanad; winter is best suitable for honeymooners, family holidays, adventure trips, and others. 2Summer (March to May): Though not the best time to visit Wayanad, summer can be called as a favourable time to visit this picturesque hill station in Kerala. Temperature might rise up to 36 degrees, but owing to its high location, it offers a pleasant and lively ambience to the visitors. 3Monsoon (June to September): Wayanad wears a whole new look during the monsoons. Torrential downpours get a new makeover; the whole of the ambience looks wonderful wearing a new shade of virgin green!  1Chembra Peak: Located at a towering height of 2,100m, Chembra Peak boasts of being one of the tallest peaks in South India. A much sought after trekking destination among the adrenaline junkies to Wayanad, this magical peak is also the abode of a heart-shaped lake called the ‘Chembra Lake’. 2Meenmutty Waterfalls: Located off the road to Ooty, Meenmutty Waterfalls is the largest waterfall in Munnar! Cascading from an astounding height of 300m, this three staged waterfall can be reached through a 2km trekking route. 3Kuruva Island: Located amidst the gurgling water of the Kabini River, Kuruva Island is a magical tourist site in Wayanad. Basically an inhabited island, it houses a large number of birds, orchids, and rare herbs. If you want to enjoy some secluded moments during your trip to Wayanad, you must visit this island at least once! 4BanasuraSagar Dam This dam boasts of being the largest earth dam in India, and also serves as one of the major tourist attractions in Kerala; mainly in Wayanad. In addition to the marvellous engineering, the scenic background of the BanasuraSagar Dam makes it a must visit attraction while on a Kerala trip! 5Soochippara Waterfalls: A gem for the nature lovers, the Soochippara Waterfalls in Wayanad cascades down from a height of 100-300ft, and spreads its beauty throughout the vicinity. An ultimate to the eyes, visitors can enjoy swimming, bathing, and water rafting at the base of this stunning waterfall. 6Pookot Lake: Surrounded by fascinating mountains, this fresh-water lake in Wayanad is a rarest example of Mother Nature’s beauty! Pristine and untouched by the outer world, a visit to the Pookot Lake will get you closer to the magical beauty of God’s Own Country; boating facilities are also available around the lake. 7Muthanga Wildlife Sanctuary: For the nature and wildlife lovers, Wayanad tour is incomplete without a visit to the scenic Muthanga Wildlife Sanctuary! An indigenous home to endangered species like Elephants and several others, this wildlife protected area is a part of the Nagarhole National Park, and is an ideal place to spot the massive mammoths while on a Kerala trip to Wayanad.  1River Trails: Kabini River flowing through the vicinities of Wayanad makes it for an ideal spot to indulge in and enjoy river trails. Visitors can hire private boats and ferries, and embark on this fascinating journey to enjoy the enchanting beauty of this gorgeous hill station in Kerala. 2Camping: Camping in Wayanad is a must for the adventure junkies and nature lovers. Nestled amidst the gracious beauty of the Western Ghats, this stunning hill station offers a plenitude of camping destinations along with several outdoor activities 3Plantation Tours: Wayanad is the home to some of the most aromatic and vibrant spice gardens in God’s Own Country. While visiting this surreal hill station in Kerala, visitors should embark on spice plantation tours and get acquainted with the spice culture of the Spice Garden of India. 4Rainforest Trekking: Trekking in Kerala is undoubtedly one of the best things to do! However, while in Wayanad, adventure freaks can participate in rainforest trekking across several destinations and explore the alluring charm and appeal of this amazing hill station in Kerala. 5Wildlife Safari: The Muthanga Wildlife Sanctuary is an ideal place for the nature lover and wildlife enthusiasts. It is in this forest reserve where visitors can easily spot herds of elephants grazing around or other exotic wildlife species like tigers, spotted dear, and Malabar squirrels.  Wayanad is jotted with plenty of hotels; budget and high-end, resorts, tourist lodges, and homestays. Visitors can select stay options according to their budget and requirements while enjoying the surreal beauty of Wayanad. 4 Night / 5 Days View More 5 Night / 6 Days View More 6 Night / 7 Days View More 7 Night / 8 Days View More 8 Night / 9 Days View More Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
