https://www.ekeralatourism.net/destinations/kochi/
  Adorned by the enchanting charm of the Arabian Sea, Kochi or Cochin boasts of being one of the best tourist destinations in Kerala that is perfectly blended with an old world charm and the electrifying beauty of modern day world! Located within the Ernakulam district of God’s Own Country, this gorgeous city is also called the ‘Queen of the Arabian Sea’ and has been a centre of attraction since time immemorial! An important port city; in fact the most popular, in Kerala, Kochi showcases a mixed bag of culture. Once ruled by Portuguese, Dutch, and British, the city still echoes the essence and aura of these eras in livelier ways. Also, owing to its location along the shorelines of the Arabian Sea, it has been an important spice trade centre for countries like Syria, Arab, China, and several other Asian countries. Rated as one of the ’50 Greatest Places to Visit in a Lifetime’ by National Geographic Traveller Magazine, Kochi is truly is a melting point of history and culture. Though the city boasts of its cosmopolitan outlooks, it is still connected to its indigenous roots with its high cultural and traditional values. If you are planning for a Kerala trip, a visit to this promising port city is a must!  1By Road: KSRTC buses to Kochi are available at regular intervals. These buses connect Cochin with most of the major tourist destinations in Kerala. Visitors from Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai, and other popular cities can also reach Kochi easily through the roadways. 2By Train: Ernakulam Town Station and Ernakulam Junction Station are the two nearest railway stations to Kochi. Both the train stations have a good connectivity to other Indian cities and serves as the most convenient railway destinations to reach Kochi. 3By Air: Cochin International Airport is the largest airport in Kerala. For the travellers who wish to reach Kochi by air, they can board a flight to this airport from almost all the major cities in India. The airport also has a good-connectivity with some of the major international tourist destinations as well.  1Winter (October to February): Kochi showcases an alluring ambience during the winters. With the mercury level going down, the city becomes livelier and offers great options to its visitors. Winters in Kochi proves to be an ideal time for the honeymooners, adventure junkies, leisure seekers, and other classes of travellers. 2Summer (March to June): Temperature in Kochi starts rising with the onset of the summers! However, owing to its location along the shorelines of the Arabian Sea, the city does not experience harsh summers. Though not a perfect time to visit this port city; summers can still be a good choice as tourism slows down a bit within and around the city during the summers. 3Monsoon (July to September): Visiting Kochi during the monsoons has its own charm and appeal! It is during this period of the year that the entire port city gets blanketed by Mother Nature’s green colour and showcases an entirely different facet of Kochi!  1Fort Kochi: The once a hub of the spice traders from various corners of the globe, Fort Kochi is among the most spectacular place to visit in Cochin. Steeped with history or the livelier reminiscent of the past, a walk around this vicinity along with the prismatic views of the Chinese fishing nets is a must experience for the visitors. 2Vasco House: Kochi is the melting point of history and culture; the Vasco House on the Rose Street of this port city is one such livelier example! Believed to be the residence of Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama, it is among the oldest heritage houses in India. 3Santa Cruz Basilica: This pious site dates back to 1505, and was originally built by the Portuguese. Though it was later destroyed by the British colonists, it was later rebuilt in 1905. 4Dutch Palace: The Raja of Kochi received this historic palace as a gift from the Portuguese! Built in typical Portuguese and Malabar architecture, the palace showcases ancient murals and wall paintings, and is a true treasure trove for the visitors to Kochi. 5Bolghatty Palace: Situated in the Bolghatty Island, this historic palace was once a royal retreat. At present, it has been converted into a heritage hotel that can be accessed only by boats. 6Hill Palace: A 19th century palace, Hill Palace was once the royal seat of Raja of Kochi. It now serves as a museum that houses numerous belongings of the past; a visit to Hill Palace will get the visitors acquainted with the glorious history of Kochi. 7Mangalavanam Bird Sanctuary: An indigenous home to a large number of avifauna, Mangalavanam Bird Sanctuary is a major attraction among the nature lovers to Kochi. Located at the heart of the city, it is a wonderful day-out destination and a paradise for the bird watchers.  1Sightseeing: Kochi is one of the most beautiful cities in Kerala. Decked with historical landmarks, alluring shorelines, religious spots, and much more, it definitely makes it for an ideal sightseeing destination in God’s Own Country. 2Cultural Tours: This charming port city is also a wonderful destination to witness and enjoy the colourful cultures and traditions in Kerala. Visitors to Kochi can revel in regular Kathakali dance performances along with several other shows while manoeuvring around the city. 3Enjoy Backwater Homestay: For those visitors who want to delve deep into the history and hospitality of Kochi, they must go for backwater homestays! Located on the outer fringes of the city limits; mostly in and around Alappuzha, these homestays are the doorways to Kerala’s rustic cultures and traditions. 4Visit Chinese Fishing Nets: Mostly located towards the northern side of Fort Kochi, the Chinese Fishing Nets have become synonymous to the enchanting beauty of Kochi’s shorelines. On a visit to this promising port-city, visitors must visit these traditional fishing nets to have a glimpse of Kerala’s golden past.  Be it about the stay options or eateries, Kochi is jotted with numerous options. Starting from budget-friendly hotels to ultra-luxurious options, visitors can find all the options while on a Kerala trip to Kochi. 4 Night / 5 Days View More 5 Night / 6 Days View More 6 Night / 7 Days View More 7 Night / 8 Days View More 8 Night / 9 Days View More Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
