https://www.keralatourism.org/ayurveda/therapeutic-programmes/
  Ayurveda originated in the spiritual land of Kerala some 5000 years ago. It is the oldest healthcare system in the world and combines the profound thoughts of medicine and philosophy. Ayurveda covers a wide range of ailments on a regular basis. It lays emphasis on the core issue within the body and deals with curing the body as a whole. Below we have listed some of the prescribed therapies for certain specific ailments.

Dhara
Dhara is the treatment for chronic headaches, insomnia, mental tension and cases of hysteria, hallucination and insanity. Herbal oils, medicated milk or butter milk and decoctions are poured on the forehead/whole body in a special manner. Variations include Oordhwanga Dhara (good for diseases of the eyes, ears and skin), Takra Dhara (for those suffering from memory loss, severe headache or insanity) and Sarvanga Dhara (for both head and body).

Snehapanam
Snehapanam is the treatment to alleviate Osteoarthritis, Leukaemia etc. Medicated ghee is given internally in a gradually increased quantity for specific periods.

Sirovasti
Sirovasti is the treatment for dryness of nostrils, mouth and throat, severe headaches, facial paralysis and burning sensation in the head. Lukewarm herbal oils are poured into a leather cap fitted on the head for specific durations as per physician's recommendation.

Pizhichil
Pizhichil is the treatment for spondylitis, rheumatic diseases like arthritis, paralysis, hemiplegia, nervous weaknesses and nervous disorders. Lukewarm herbal oil is applied with fresh linen all over the body by trained masseurs in a rhythmic manner for a period of 1 to 1.5 hours daily for 7 to 21 days.

Udvarthanam
Udvarthanam is used to treat diseases like hemiplegia, paralysis, obesity and certain rheumatic ailments. It involves therapeutic massage with herbal powders.

Marma Chikitsa
Marma Chikitsa is treatment that works on the extremely sensitive vital points of the body (the 107 marmas). It is used to treat musculoskeletal ailments due to trauma or accidents.

Nasyam
Nasyam is the treatment for nasal ailments where inhalation of medicated herbal preparations, decoction oils, ghee etc. eliminates the morbid factors from the head and neck area.

Karnapooranam
Karnapooranam is the treatment for ear ailments where medicated oils are applied to the ear for 5 to 10 minutes daily to clean as well as treat specific ailments.

Tharpanam
Tharpanam prevents cataract and strengthening vision. It treats the eyesand is effective in preventing cataract and strengthening the optic nerve.

Njavarakizhi
Njavarakizhi is the treatment for wasting of muscles, rheumatism, sports injuries, pain in the joints, emaciation of the body or parts of the body and certain kinds of skin diseases. The whole body is made to perspire by the external application of medicated rice packs in the form of boluses tied in muslin bags.

Please Note
The Ayurvedic physician will decide on a specific programme for every individual after evaluation.
Short duration treatments for minor ailments like back pain, muscular pain, etc. with herbal steam bath, spinal bath and therapeutic massages will be provided only on the advice of the physician.
Women will have female therapists for body massage and other health programmes.
Some of the programmes are not suitable for the very aged, very young (under 7) infirm, heart patients and pregnant women.
If you have a previous medical history of heart trouble, blood pressure, blood sugar, chronic skin disease or asthma, please inform your physician in advance.
Advance reservation is recommended. 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
