https://www.keralaholidays.com/about-us
  09388353046 info@keralaholidays.com Experience the uncommon element. About Kerala Holidays With registered office in Cochin, Kerala, Kerala Holidays Pvt. Ltd. today have a wide network all
                        over the state to offer unique travel experience for everyone approaching us, irrespective of
                        location and destinations.  Kerala Holidays is one of the few Indian tour companies that have been successful in carving a
                        niche in the competitive field of travel and tourism. And no doubt, we achieved this with our
                        relentless hard work, planning and offering of unparalleled customer service.  To excel as the best Holiday Management Provider in India by setting new heights in excellent
                            service, constantly widening our domain expertise and ensuring customer delight through
                            constant innovation. TOur core mission is to provide comprehensive holiday experiences with best of quality
                            service and true value for money. Kerala Holidays Pvt. Ltd. is one of India's reputed travel management company, specialized in
                            operating Kerala tour packages. Every year, we cater to over 50 thousand tourist. Our
                            satisfied customers make Kerala Holidays Pvt. Ltd., the No.1 tour company in Kerala.We have
                            a vast experience and profound knowledge in offering customized package tours for tourists
                            from all over the world.  Our customer-centric advance is further emphasized with an exceptional 24x7 customer support
                            service provided by highly trained and motivated professionals.  Recognized by the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India.  Rated as the best handling agent for Kerala and inbound tourism.   We have expertise in all major areas of Travel and Tourism Management, to offer ourselves as
                            a one-stop-point for all travel needs of our customers.  The largest hotel chain in Kerala- the KTDC (Kerala Tourism Development Corporation) Tie-ups with all leading hotels and resorts across the length and breadth of Kerala, and
                            thereby our customers have the advantage of the best rates Alliances with Axis Bank and Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences  Travel Agents Association of India (TAAI)  Indian Association of Tour Operators (IATO)  Travel Agents Federation of India (TAFI)  Association of Domestic Tour Operators of India (ADTOI) Kerala Travel Mart Society (KTM)  Travel Documentation and Airline Ticketing MICE Luxury Car Division Holiday Management Hotel Reservations  Get in touch with us here with your unique travel needs. Whether you are single
                        individual, a small group or a large group, we can help you out; no matter wherever you are
                        located. Copyright © 2019 Kerala Holidays. All Rights Reserved. Designed & Developed By   

