https://www.keralaholidays.com/travel-tips
  09388353046 info@keralaholidays.com We have put together a couple of simple general guidelines for you to follow, to make your trip
                        to India a truly pleasant one. India is a land of diversities, quite different from any other
                        country. Each state in India has its own distinct culture, language, traditions and food habits
                        quite different from the rest of the states country so it is advised that you read the
                        following guidelines carefully to avoid any hassles or unwanted troubles along your journey. India due to its huge geographical size does not fit a particular climate zone. Generally
                            speaking you must include cotton outfits, sunglasses, hats, mosquito repellant cream/lotion,
                            shoes/ light sandals, moisturizing lotion and sun-block lotion mandatory, while planning
                            your trip. If you are traveling to hill stations or the Himalayas do ensure that you carry
                            woolen outfits with you. When in public places, care must be exercised to ensure your
                            clothes are within the purview of decency to avoid unwanted attention.  India is a very orthodox country and doesn't accept any show of affection in public places
                            especially hugging, kissing etc.  This may come as a surprise to many; most places in India has a strict ban on smoking in
                            public places. Smoking in public places is considered a punishable offence under law. Foreign exchange including foreign currency, traveler's cheques, drafts drawn on banks in
                            India or letters of credit can be brought into India without any limit. However, if the
                            gross amount brought into India in any form at one time exceeds USD 10,000/- or its
                            equivalent, it is required to be declared by the holder to the Indian customs authorities on
                            arrival on a Currency Declaration Form. The forms of which are available with the
                            airport/seaport customs department. The nationalized banks are open for business from 10.00 in the morning to 14.00 hrs in the
                            afternoon. A couple of private banks are open for business between 8.00 in the morning to
                            8.00 in the night. There is also an extensive number of ATMs spread across the metros, towns
                            and villages of India. India is a land of celebrations and festivals. In the Northern parts of India Diwali,
                            Baisaki, Pushkar fair, Holi, Kumbh Mela, and Goa Carnival are some of the prominent ones.
                            Down south, it's an altogether different set of celebrations - Pongal, Karthigai Deepam,
                            Kavadi are some of the prominent ones. Kerala has a set of exciting festivals and events
                            like Onam, Thrissur Pooram, Boat races to mention a few. The nationalized banks are open for business from 10.00 in the morning to 14.00 hrs in the
                            afternoon. A couple of private banks are open for business between 8.00 in the morning to
                            8.00 in the night. There is also an extensive number of ATMs spread across the metros, towns
                            and villages of India. Most of the prominent hotels, shops and restaurants accept major credit cards. Do make it a point to savor some of the authentic Indian cuisines, garnished with exotic
                            spices and herbs, while you are here. North Indian cuisines are quite different from their
                            Southern and Eastern counterparts. In fact, each region has different types of cuisines and
                            methods of cooking, quite distinct from the other. Do make it a point to savor the regional
                            specialties when you travel. If you are visiting a temple, please do ensure that you understand the rules and regulations
                            concerning that particular temple before going in. Each temple has its own rules and codes
                            of conduct that must be strictly adhered to. In general, non-Hindus are barred from entering
                            most of the temples. Wearing footwear and particular type of clothes inside the temple
                            premises are also strictly banned. No where in India is nudity allowed in public places. Nudity is strictly banned in all the
                            beaches in India. Copyright © 2019 Kerala Holidays. All Rights Reserved. Designed & Developed By   

