https://www.keralaholidays.com/tourpackages/Idyllic-Kerala-package
  ﻿
 09388353046 info@keralaholidays.com 
                            Cochin - Munnar - Thekkady - Kumarakom - Alleppey - Kovalam - Trivandrum                         1 
                                                                        Upon arrival at the Cochin Airport our representative will cordially welcome you and transfer you by road to the hotel.  Rest of the day is at your disposal to enjoy at leisure. Overnight at the hotel.                                                                        
 2 
                                                                        After a refreshing breakfast embark on an exciting sightseeing tour of Cochin. Cochin, popularly known as the ‘Queen of Arabian Sea’, is the cosmopolitan commercial capital of Kerala. Cochin boasts of a rich historic legacy as a prime hub of trade and commerce dating from the pre-colonial times. Visit the 16th century Dutch palace with beautiful murals, the oldest Jewish Synagogue in the commonwealth countries, St. Francis Church - the oldest European church in India housing the tomb of Vasco Da Gama, and the 10 m high Chinese Fishing Nets dotting the Fort Cochin beach. Return for an overnight stay at the hotel.                                                                        
 3 
                                                                        After the morning breakfast check-out from the hotel and drive to Munnar (140 km – 04 hr drive); on arrival check-in into hotel. Rest of the day is at your disposal to enjoy at leisure. Overnight stay at the hotel.                                                                        
 4 
                                                                        After breakfast proceed for a local sightseeing tour of Munnar. Munnar, a hill station abounding in green forests and tea plantations, is situated at the confluence of three mountain streams. Located at an altitude of 1600 m above MSL, Munnar was once the summer resort of the erstwhile British government in South India. Your morning itinerary includes visiting the Mattupetty Dam, Kundale Lake and Echo point. Afternoon you will be taken to Rajamalai - home to an endangered species of mountain goat called the "Nilgiri Tahrs". Return for an overnight stay at the hotel.                                                                        
 5 
                                                                        After an early breakfast, check-out from the hotel and drive to Thekkady (110 km – 03 hr drive); on arrival check-in into the hotel. Afternoon you will be taken on a sightseeing tour of Thekkady. The Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary, spread over 777 sq. km. including 360 sq. km of dense evergreen forest tract, is one of the most fascinating wildlife reserves in Kerala. Declared a Tiger Reserve in 1978, the sanctuary is noted for its geomorphology, abundance of wildlife and abounding scenic beauty. Optional activities including - Boating at Periyar Lake, Spice Plantation visit, Bamboo Rafting, Trekking and Elephant Ride, can be arranged at an extra cost. Return for an overnight stay at the hotel.                                                                        
 6 
                                                                        After an early morning breakfast check-out from the hotel and drive to Kumarakom (170 km – 05 hr drive); on arrival check-in into hotel. Afternoon proceed for a local sightseeing tour of Kumarakom - a vibrant backwater hamlet. Kumarakom is a prime backwater tourism destination in Kerala with 900 sq. km of sprawling backwaters. A surreal tropical paradise of emerald paddy fields, mangrove forests and lush coconut groves laced with a labyrinthine network of waterways and canals. Watch the enchanting beauty of Kumarakom unfold before your eyes as you glide through the backwaters in your canoe, motor boat or houseboat. Overnight at the hotel.                                                                        
 7 
                                                                        After breakfast check-out from the hotel and drive to Alleppey (45 km – 1 ½ hr drive); on arrival check-in into a luxury houseboat. Alleppey, known as the ‘Venice of the East’, is a district of immense natural beauty, with a vast network of lakes, lagoons, canals and freshwater rivers crisscrossing its terrain. Today, this backwater destination is famous for its boat races, beaches, marine products and coir industry. Enjoy a full day cruise along the scenic backwaters of Vembanad Lake. Overnight stay onboard the houseboat.                                                                        
 8 
                                                                        After a sumptuous breakfast on-board, check-out from the houseboat and drive to Kovalam; on arrival check-in into hotel. Kovalam is a prime beach destination in Kerala. Enjoy the evening indulging in water-sports or watching a spectacular sunset on the picturesque Kovalam Beach. Overnight at the hotel.                                                                        
 9 
                                                                        After breakfast embark on a sightseeing tour of Trivandrum – the capital of Kerala. Trivandrum or Thiruvananthapuram is an ancient city with a history dating back as early as 1000 BC. Thiruvananthapuram, meaning the city of the sacred serpent Anantha, became the capital of the erstwhile princely kingdom of Travancore in 1750 AD. Visit the Padmanabhaswami Temple, Srichitra Art Gallery, Napier Museum and Zoo. Return for an overnight stay at the hotel.                                                                        
 10 
                                                                        After breakfast check-out from the hotel and drive to Trivandrum Airport (15 km) for your onward journey.                                                                        
 Copyright © 2019 Kerala Holidays. All Rights Reserved. Designed & Developed By   

