https://www.keralatourism.org/destination/eravikulam-national-park/319
  Munnar is among the crown jewels of God’s Own Country and has attracted visitors from around the world for centuries due to its natural splendour. Hidden inside, lies the famous Eravikulam National Park, the home and sanctuary of the Nilgiri Tahr. This sacred haven for this exotic animal is a relief in a time when different species are disappearing off the face of the planet. Situated in the Devikulam Taluk of Idukki district, people also flock to this park to view the special Neelakurinji flowers that bloom once every 12 years. The next sighting is expected to be in 2018.

The park also boasts of hosting South India's highest peak, Anamudi (2695 m), in its southern area. This park is spread over an area of 97 square kilometers and packs tons of fun spots for people to have a good time in. One can see the crowds around the Echo Point, where the natural view and unique setting adds to the eponymous phenomenon. The Rajamalai region of the park is open to the public and from here; the exotic Nilgiri Tahr can be viewed. The Rajamalai region falls under the tourism zone of the area. The other two are the Core area and Buffer area which are both not open to the public. There is a host of trekking options as well in the area.

The rare flora and fauna present in the park also attract visitors. Official vehicles take people on trips where one can experience the biodiversity of a high elevation shola-grassland system. One can view rare terrestrial and epiphytic orchids and beautiful wild balsams along with the Nilgiri Langur, leopards and the Indian Bison as well. The early months of the year are the only time when the park is closed as this when the Tahrs are calving. The rare habitat and sanctuary is open to everyone throughout the year.

Visiting Hours: 07:00 to 18:00 hrs Trekking acitivities at Eravikulam Ever wanted to snuggle in the lap of bustling wilderness? Then, Eravikulam is your choice. Here are some of the trekking trails offered at Eravikulam such as Kurinji Trail, Lakkom Waterfalls and Cascade Walk. Know more about the trekking trails of Eravikulam Camping
Stay at Lakkom Log House is the only camping programme at Eravikulam National Park. The Shola forests here guards a deep secret, a ravishing spot hidden deep in the woods- the Lakkom Log House. Want to book this, click here 
Contact Address:
The Wildlife Warden
Munnar P. O., Idukki
Kerala, India - 685 612
Ph: +91 4865 231587
Mob:9447979093
E-mail: ww-munnar@forest.kerala.gov.in    
Website: www.eravikulam.org Nearest railway station:  Aluva, about 109 km from Munnar; Angamali, about 108 km from Munnar Nearest airport:  Madurai (Tamilnadu) about 142 km; Cochin International Airport, about 150 km Latitude: 10.196, Longitude: 77.004318 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
