https://www.keralaholidays.com/blog/Best-season-to-visit-Kerala-for-honeymoon
  09388353046 info@keralaholidays.com 



	Seasons in Kerala comes mainly under three categories - summer (March to May), monsoon (June to September) and winter (October to February).  Among these, October to February is considered as the peak tourist season. As the rains have dwindled and the summer heat is not near October to February is the best season for a honeymoon trip to Kerala. Winter in Kerala is mild when compared to other states.  The climate will be soothing and pleasant and you and your spouse could enjoy the pristine cool mornings and cozy nights. So those who love cold climate, but at the same time do not want any snowfall should spend their honeymoon in one of the many hill stations of Kerala. Munnar, Wayanad, Vagamon, Ponmudi, Lakkidi and Nelliyampathi are some of the best hill stations in Kerala.



	Though the climate will be cool it won't be harsh and won't cause any problems with your sightseeing plans. Visit Thekkady during this season and enjoy the unhindered view of the rolling hills and the unique flora and fauna of the Periyar Tiger Reserve. During this season there are more chances for sighting wild animals as you enjoy a boat cruise. You could also enjoy the activities such as trekking, boating, bamboo rafting and kayaking during this season. The honeymooners who want to enjoy the beauty of the famous backwaters of Kerala should head to Alappuzha, Kumarakom, and hire a houseboat and set for a cruise through the calm waters. The backwaters of Kerala are an intricate chain of lagoons, canals, freshwater rivers and lakes.
	You could spend a night on one of these houseboats and revel in the alluring beauty of the lush green paddy fields, coconut and palm groves which borders the backwaters and the slow life of the surrounding villages. You can go for shopping in the streets of Kochi and the climate won't cause you any trouble. Another major attraction is the beaches of Kerala. As the state is bordered by the Arabian Sea on one side, it has got a very long stretch of coastline and many beaches.



	Book a resort near one of the famous beaches of Kerala and enjoy the sea at its full majesty.  You can go for swimming in the shallow waters of Kovalam or Bekal. Other popular beach destinations in Kerala include Varkala, Veli, Cherai, Kappad, Beypore etc... One important travel tip we would like to give you is that as it is the peak season most of the best resorts in Kerala will be sold out in this season so it would be better if you could make advance bookings. The honeymooners should avoid the weeks of Christmas and New Year as most of the tourist places will be crowded during this period.

 Copyright © 2019 Kerala Holidays. All Rights Reserved. Designed & Developed By   

