https://www.keralaholidays.com/blog/How-to-plan-your-perfect-vacation-in-Kerala
  09388353046 info@keralaholidays.com 
	Are you searching for ways to plan the perfect vacation in Kerala? Have you ever researched what is the best Kerala tour? You are landed on the right blog that explains how to tour kerala.

	Kerala, popularly known as God's Own Country has got many spectacular views and rich culture. The state has so many things to offer to each and every person who visit this exotic land. So first you need to decide on the kind of holiday you seek and then plan accordingly. First decide upon the arrival and departure dates, the places you may visit can depend upon this. Once it is set, contact Kerala tourism company - Kerala Holidays Pvt. Ltd. to help you decide your Kerala vacation in line with your budget. 
 
	The tour planners could assist you to decide the places you may visit within the specific time period. First tell them the kind of vacation you are planning e.g. family vacation, honeymoon, adventure trip, pilgrimage etc... This would help them to identify the kind of package suitable for you. 
	Select places that are more close to each other so that you don't have to travel much from one point to another. Once you have decided on the places you want to visit then book your tickets and your arrival point should be closer to your actual vacation destination.

 
	The period between September to February is considered as the tourism season in Kerala. Famous tourist places in Kerala are the backwaters of Alappuzha, Kumarakom, Kollam, beaches like Kovalam, Varkala, Mararikulam, Cherai, hill stations - Munnar, Nelliyampathy, Wayanad etc... Nature walks, spice tours and adventure tourism are also provided by the tour operators in the state. 
	If you are here for pilgrimage the state has a lot of diverse pilgrimage centers that includes many temples, churches and mosques.  
	Selecting the correct Kerala tour package offered by the tour operator is the most vital factor. If you are planning to have a houseboat ride with family during your stay in Kerala then it is better to organise it on the second day of your vacation. It would give you enough time on the cruise.

 
	You can even hire the houseboat for an overnight stay, but if you have kids in your travel group it is better to spend the night at any resort than at the boat. Well, kids will be kids and they will be impatient and get bored once the houseboat is moored for the night. But for those on their honeymoon or are travelling minus the kids the overnight stay in a houseboat will be really pleasant. 
	If you want to explore more while you are in Alappuzha and you have time in your hands, then venture into packages that allows you to visit places like the beaches of Alappuzha and Kochi, Thekkady (a visit to the Periyar National Park), Kumarakom (backwaters and bird sanctuary), Athirappilly waterfalls, Munnar and other hill stations around it.  
	If you have very limited time in your hands then don't think about covering all these places within that period. You need time to properly enjoy all these places. 
	Those who are on Kerala honeymoon trip should select places like Munnar, Thekkady, Nelliyampathy, Wayanad (hill stations), Athirappilly waterfalls, Alappuzha/Kumarakom, (the backwaters), Kovalam/Varkala beaches etc... These are some of the most romantic places in the state.

 
	For the adventure spirits, there are watercourse rafting, canoeing, kayaking, mountain climbing, wild life safaris, and trekking options available in Kerala. 
	Before selecting places to visit in Kerala you should talk to your tour planner to understand the time it will take you to reach from one point to another. For e.g.: if you are in Wayanad for your honeymoon and you also wish to visit the Kovalam beach, a favourite tourism spot, then you will need to be prepared to travel a lot as both the places are in the opposite ends of the state.  
	So it is better to hit a beach on the northern side of Kerala like the Bekal, Kappad or Beypore beaches while you are in Wayanad. 
	If you are planning to spend your vacation in Kerala during the tourist season it is better to book your packages, accommodation and tickets in advance to avoid confusion. So while you are here you just have to enjoy the vacation and should not be bothering about the accommodation, travelling and all.

 
	Don’t forget to try the mouth watering Kerala cuisines while you are here. 
	And if you are customising the tour packages then don't forget to book your return tickets from a point that is nearer to your final vacation spot.

 Copyright © 2019 Kerala Holidays. All Rights Reserved. Designed & Developed By   

