https://www.keralaholidays.com/terms
  09388353046 info@keralaholidays.com  Your contract is with Kerala Holidays (P) Ltd. A contract exists between us when we have confirmed you on our tour / hotel booking / or any other travel related services of your choice and we have received your booking request and deposits. All correspondence/s in respect of Tours / Travel Service bookings should be addressed to M/s. Kerala Holidays (P) Ltd or the services contracted, 50% advance payment should be made to hold the booking on a confirmed basis and the balance amount should be paid before commencement of your tour. We hold the right to decide upon the amount to be paid as an advance payment, based on the nature of services and the time left for the commencement of the services. Apart from the above in some cases like special train journeys like Palace on Wheels, hotel or resort bookings during the high peak tourist season (X-Mas, New Year) full payment is required to be sent in advance.  Payment can be made by Credit Card through our secured online payment gateway system, by Bank Transfer, Cash payment to our offices in your city or by Demand Draft / Cheque. All payments should be free and clear of any withholding tax and deduction. Bank charges, if any, for remittance (by remitting bank or by intermediary bank) would be strictly borne by payer.  Tour once commenced will strictly go as per the itinerary finalised. In case of events and circumstances beyond our control, we reserve the right to change all or parts of the contents of the itinerary for safety and well being of our esteemed passengers. In case of cancellation of tour/travel services due to any avoidable/unavoidable reason/s we must be informed in writing. Cancellation charges would be effective from the date we receive letter in writing and cancellation charges would be as follows: 60 days & prior to arrival - 10% of the tour/service cost. 
									59 days to 30 days prior to arrival - 20% of the tour/service cost.
									29 days to 15 days prior to arrival - 25% of the tour/service cost. 
									14 days to 08 days prior to arrival - 50% of the tour/service cost. 
									07 days & less, prior to arrival or no show - NO REFUND. Please note - Irrespective of above mentioned cancellations slabs - in case of cancellation of tour services after the booking is made with us - a minimum 10% service charges would be applicable In case of booking with Taj, Leela group of hotels and special train journey (like Palace on Wheels, Deccan Odyssey, and Royal Orient etc.) and high peak season bookings (Special seasons like Diwali - 15th Oct to 15th Nov - & X’ Mas / New Year period - 15th Dec to 15th Jan) NO refund will be provided irrespective of the period. In case you cancel the trip after commencement refund would be restricted to a limited amount that too would depend on the amount that we would be able to recover from the hoteliers we patronize. For unused hotel accommodation, chartered transportation and missed meals etc. we do not bear any responsibility to refund.  In regard to refund of unused / unutilized services (which are paid for and cancelled in advance) the refund amount would be worked out on the basis of cancellation policy as described above and the money would be accordingly refunded to the person who has made the payment to us. Please note that the refund process may take 2 - 4 weeks due to banking procedures. If the refund is made to the credit card account OR to Bank account, the bank charges would be debited from the refund amount.  Please note that after the finalization of the tour/service cost, if there are any hikes in entrance fees of monuments/museums, taxes, fuel cost or guide charges by the Govt. of India, the same would be charged as extra.  Kerala Holidays (P) Ltd act only in the capacity of agent for the hotels, airlines, transporters, railways & contractors providing other services & all exchange orders, receipts, contracts & tickets issued by us are issued subject to terms & conditions under which these services are provided by them. All itineraries are sample itineraries, intended to give you a general idea of the likely trip schedule. Numerous factors such as weather, road conditions, the physical ability of the participants etc. may dictate itinerary changes either before the tour or while on the trail. We reserve the right to change any schedule in the interest of the trip participants' safety, comfort & general well being. Our rates are based on the prevailing rates as negotiated by us with the hotels, airlines etc. Hotels and Airlines retain the right to modify the rates without notice. In case of such changes the rates quoted before the modification, can be changed by us according to the modifications by hotels or airlines. All hotel bookings are based on usual check in and checkout time of the hotels until unless indicated in the itinerary.  We shall not be responsible for any delays & alterations in the programme or expenses incurred - directly or indirectly - due to natural hazards, flight cancellations, accident, breakdown of machinery or equipments, breakdown of transport, weather, sickness, landslides, political closures or any untoward incidents.  We shall not be responsible for any loss, injury or damage to person, property, or otherwise in connection with any accommodation, transportation or other services, resulting - directly or indirectly - from any act of GOD, dangers, fire, accident, breakdown in machinery or equipment, breakdown of transport, wars, civil disturbances, strikes, riots, thefts, pilferages, epidemics, medical or custom department regulations, defaults, or any other causes beyond our control.  We do not have any insurance policy covering the expenses for accident, sickness, loss due to theft, or any other reasons. Visitors are advised to seek such insurance arrangements in their home country. All baggage & personal property/s at all times are at the client's risk.  To travel to India from overseas countries except for the citizen of Nepal & Bhutan, one needs a 06 months valid passport and a valid Visa. And processing of Passport and Visa are not included in the tour cost. Any person who has a contagious disease is forbidden to travel, any person found during the tour with such a disease will be asked to leave the tour and will have to make their own arrangements to return home.  * Check-in – 12.00 -15.00 Hours
   								  * Check-out – 10.00 - 12.00 Hours Overnight Houseboat (if provided with itinerary) is 12.00 noon check in and 09.00 hrs next day check out. Early arrival is subject to availability. For guaranteed early check-in, reservation needs to be made starting from the previous night. Later check-outs are available on request and subject to availability / Payment. We can always make a request for early check-in or late checkout if required but we do not guarantee that, that entirely depend upon the policy of the hotel, time of the year and availability of the room. Copyright © 2019 Kerala Holidays. All Rights Reserved. Designed & Developed By   

