https://www.keralatourism.org/destination/chembra-peak-wayanad/508
  Chembra is the highest peak in Wayanad district and lives up to its billing of being a picturesque location. It has managed to maintain its pristine nature over the years. Situated 2100 m above sea level, this peak offers a breath-taking view of rare flora and fauna. One can come across many exotic species in these parts. The route to the peak itself has a brilliant view along with a heart shaped lake, waterfalls and lush greenery the whole way. It is a prime spot for trekking but prior permission needs to be taken before going on these treks. Guided tours are available and can help in enhancing the entire experience. A full day trekking package to Chembra peak is organized by the forest department. The moderate trekking path through tea plantations will take you the hridayasarassu. The best time to visit is during August-May and those who wish to take trekking must reach before 02.00 pm. Trekking strats from 07.00 am. Know more about Chembra peak trekking, click here Nearest railway station:  Kozhikode, about 79 km Nearest airport:  Calicut International Airport, about 92 km Latitude: 11.559417, Longitude: 76.130905 Altitude: 2100 m Above sea level Distance from district headquarters: 1000 m West direction. 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
