https://www.keralatravels.com/kerala-ayurveda-packages.php
  ﻿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages Situated in the capital city, the famous Kovalam beach is
sought for its serenity and the surrounding beauty that
rejuvenates all. Thrissur is the cultural capital of Kerala . Ayurveda is the ancient Indian Health Science developed through centuries long. An enchanting backwater destination of Kerala - Kollam will remain incomplete unless you try the rejuvenating and holistic healing experience of Ayurveda in Kollam. Nesting on a scenic island of Alleppey in God's Own Country, Kerala, Alleppey offers you a perfect backdrop for a rejuvenating Ayurveda experience. One can feel the homely atmosphere and homely care in the treatment and associated services offered at Kozhikode. Palakkad is rich in green lush surrounding of natural herbal plants. It has calm and meditative landscape. Malappuram provides a harmonious and tranquil setting  to take stock of your life journey and take steps to enhance your growth. Ayurveda here is highly beneficial and effective. Ernakulam - the commercial capital of Kerala, is tucked in the beauty of coconut palms and endless blue waters, and the town offers a lot of tourist. Blessed with one of the finest natural harbors in  Wayanad is a hub holding a vast resource of Medicinal plants and rare herbs which has high curing capacity. Varkala is a natural habitat for medicinal herbs and it holds modern Ayurvedic centre for holistic medicine, Yoga and advanced education. Enjoy the pure bliss of Ayurveda, the traditional healing system to rejuvenate, regenerate and refresh you with traditional Ayurvedic systems. Kumarakom is the place wherein  ancient palm leaf scripts on Ayurveda are delved into, revealing precious secrets of the ancient vidyas. Vaikom is a backwater and canal laced town in Kerala. It is a medium sized town, located on the banks of Vembanad Lake. It is has many high rejuvenating Ayurvedic methodology. Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
