https://www.keralatravels.com/testimonials.php
  ﻿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages Kerala Trip
Mr.prashat our driver was cooperative,well mannered & was very polite during the trip.His driving skills are amazing.Our Innova was in very good condition.
overall very much satisfied with the services provided by keralatravels.com 
			Posted By: Dhiraj Hooda
			Delhi
			Date: 2018-07-17
			 Singapore Package
sorry, I couldnt call you in Singapore. The trip was fantastic and we loved it. Thank you soo much for taking all the risks that you had taken for us. It was a pleasure meeting you. Hope I will contact you for more trips and travel in the coming years.
Anto Biju 
			Posted By: Anto Biju 
			Kottayam
			Date: 2017-08-18
			 Kerala Trip
Dear Kerala Travels, Thank you for arranging a very beautiful trip to Kerala for us. We enjoyed every moment of it! Special thanks to our driver, Joys, who was excellent at his job and knew where all the good restaurants, boating areas, shops, spice gardens etc. were located. He was also very patient with our late schedules, long photo sessions and motion sickness that affected all of us when we were travelling in the hills. :D Our stay at Kochi in Hotel Legacy was very comfortable. Good food and warm ambience. However, Archana Residency in Munnar was just okay. While its location was good, the rooms and washrooms need to be refurbished. Stay at Thekkady in Hotel Seasons was again comfortable. But they need to widen their menu options for meals. Several items mentioned in menu were not actually available in their kitchen. Green Palace Health Resort in Allepey was very beautiful as far as location was concerned. But locks on glass doors were not working (had to shift to other rooms next day), service was very slow and food provided to us was bad. We had actually hoped to find good sea food there but it was very disappointing. Since the hotel is located on an island and is very far from Allepey city, we could not go to some other restaurant for meals. Hopefully, the hotel will improve on their food and service, so that guests can have a really wonderful time there. Despite our food troubles, thanks to our ever-cheerful driver Joys and the scenic beauty around us, we had an absolutely wonderful time visiting Kerala. Will definitely recommend Kerala Travels to our friends and family. Thanks Roli Srivastava, Priyanka Nawale, Geeta Negi, Sukanya Nawale, Parmita Srivastava 
			Posted By: Roli Srivastava
			Mumbai
			Date: 2017-07-25
			 Amazing Kerala
Thank you Kerala Travels  for planning an amazing tour . We all had a great time. Our driver Mr.Praveen  was very generous and helpful . He also covered places not mentioned in the itinerary . Everything went very smoothly, the stays at the resorts were very good, house boat stay and food was just awesome 
			Posted By: Shweta Kattimani
			Goa
			Date: 2016-03-09
			 Hat's off to Keralataxi.com
It was nice to have your services. Enjoyed and feel pleasure to be your customer. Specially Mr. Pratap who was with us for four days really superb person. His behaviour and hospitality was esteemed. I would admire his friendliness and his soft behaviour. He was so caring and helpful to us at anytime.

I would like to recommend to others kerala taxi and specially to have Mr. Pratap as the chauffer.

I would like to give 5 stars to your company and Mr. Pratap. 
			Posted By:  Peeush Chopra
			Bangalore
			Date: 2016-02-11
			 Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
