https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/kerala-health-tourism
  ï»¿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages Medical Tourism is the synergy between hospitals and the Tourism industry.The state is all set for a leap in medical tourism.More and more hospitals are joining hands with the tourism industry to benefit their services.The high priority for health in Kerala is bound to make this relatively new aspect of tourism into a multi crore industry in future. Kerala is already being marketed as a popular health destination for its famous ayurveda health packages.Medical tourism is marketed alongwith ayurveda and other health packages.Major hospitals are joining hands with the govt in promoting medical tourism.Health insurance companies are beginning to play a major role in medical tourism.Globalisation and economic liberalization have given a boost to the medical service sector,especially in Kerala.The medical treatment for various packages form part of recuperative leisure packages at world class tourist resorts.Airport pickup,hotel accommodation,transportation,food,etc are offered along with medical treatment at the best hospitals. Kerala is ideally suited for medical tourism because of its moderate weather throughout the year,advanced hospitals with worldclass facilities,renowned doctors specialized in major disciplines,trained para medical staff and technicians,and  international connectivity.Besides,Kerala also enjoys definite advantages such as the high standard of hygiene that is maintained,the already well developed tourism industry with its high quality resorts and hotels,competitive costs for packages of medical treatment, and ideal locations for a relaxing holiday. The industry offers attractive medical tourism packages at reasonable rates.They are marketed efficiently and are brought to the customers by the tourism industry through tour operators who sell them as holiday packages according to the convenience of the patients.The tourism department has played a pioneering role in promoting Kerala as a major destination in medical tourism in the international market. Contact Kerala.com Travel Division, Kochi, Kerala, India, to avail more details of all health related holiday packages (allopathy, avyurveda etc.) and hospitals. Kerala.com Travel Division
WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd.
II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road,
Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India.
Pin 682 036.
Mobile: + 91 9745744403
E-mail: reservation@keralatravels.com Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
