https://www.keralatourism.org/destination/mattancherry-palace-kochi/178
  The Mattancherry Palace, also known as Dutch Palace, is one of the finest examples of the Kerala style of architecture interspersed with colonial influences. Located at around 12 km from Ernakulam, it was built around 1545 C.E. by the Portuguese as a present to King Veera Kerala Verma of Kochi dynasty. It came to be known as the Dutch Palace as it underwent major repairs at the hands of the Dutch. It is famous for its long and spacious halls along with its central courtyard. It is also the home of the deity of the royal family, Pazhayannur Bhagavathy (the Deity of Pazhayannur).

This double storied palace has a lovely collection of murals. These depict some of the great Indian epics like Ramayana and Mahabharata along with revered Gods of the Hindu faith like Lord Krishna of Guruvayur Temple. The great works of Sanskrit poet Kalidasa have also been depicted. The mural paintings cover an area of almost 300 sq. km. One gets an idea of the lives of the royal family with some of the other exhibits. These include the life-size portraits of the Kings of Cochin since 1864, sheathed swords, daggers and axes besides ceremonial spears decorated with feathers. Royal caps, coins issued by the Kings of Cochin along with plans laid out for Cochin by the Dutch can also be viewed here.

Visiting Hours:
10:00 - 17:00 hours on all days except Fridays. Nearest railway station:  Ernakulam, about 10 km Nearest airport:  Cochin International Airport, about 42 km Latitude: 9.958241, Longitude: 76.259272 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
