https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/kerala-hill-stations
  ï»¿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages The mountain ranges in Kerala consisting of the highland area of the Western Ghats, exude an exotic charm. Rising to an average height of 1520 m, the tropical forests of the ghats house rich and unique flora and fauna. The high ranges and hill stations are the favourite spots for nature enthusiasts and adventure seekers.Expansive plantations of tea, coffee, rubber and fragrant cardamom and other spices for which Kerala is famous for, are cultivated on the slopes of these hill stations. Much of Kerala's exotic appeal is centred in these highland areas of the Western Ghats. Ideal places for adventure tourism and trekking, the fresh mountain air, the mist-clad hills and a panoramic view make them worthy of a visit.Places like Munnar in Kerala produce an exotic species of flowers that bloom once in twelve years. Hill stations in Kerala offer tourists an opportunity to spend their vacations amidst a clean and fresh air of the hills. Some of the more popular hill stations in Kerala are those of Mattupetty, Munnar, Nelliyampathy, Palakkad, Ponmudi, Wayanad, Idukki, Kannur, Kasargod and Kozhikode 10 of the gorgeous hill stations you should visit today. Here you can see the milky waterfalls, mighty rocks, lakes, and hill-plantations. The scenic beauty of these Kerala hill stations cannot be defined in words, it is best experienced in person. Most of the hill stations in Kerala lies on the windward side of the Western Ghats. Experience and enjoy the long chain of lush mist-clad hill stations of Kerala. Kerala hills are known for their pristine beauty & captivating charm. For more information on the hill station, log onto munnar.com

For Accommodation - Hotels / Resorts / Homestays at Munnar Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
