https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/kerala-ayurveda
  ï»¿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages Ayurveda is the Vedic system of health care that developed in India over 5000 years ago.This ancient science is health specific, not disease-specific and takes into account the patients entire personality - body, mind and spirit. Ayurveda is based on the ancient wisdom of good living. Thus, Ayurveda is defined as the Science of life. It uses herbs and oils to heal and rejuvenate, and thus restore balance and good health.

Kerala's equable climate, natural abundance of forests (with a wealth of herbs and medicinal plants), and the cool monsoon season (June - November) are best suited for Ayurveda's curative and restorative packages. In fact, today, Kerala is the only state in India which practises this system of medicine with absolute dedication. Ayurveda evolved around 600 BC in India. This new system of medicine focussed on holistic treatment and stressed on the prevention of body ailments in addition to curing them. 

Followed by the Dravidians and Aryans alike, Ayurveda has been practised ever since. Today, its a unique, indispensable branch of medicine - a complete naturalistic system that depends on the diagnosis of your body's humour - vata, pitta and kapha - to achieve the right balance. Ayurveda believes in the treatment of not just the affected part, but the individual as a whole. This makes it the natural way to rejuvenation, eliminating all toxic imbalances from the body and thus regaining resistance and good health. For details on Kerala, Ayurveda packages click here  For further information on Ayurveda in Kerala contact us: Kerala.com Travel Division
WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd.
II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road,
Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India.
Pin 682 036.
Mobile: + 91 9745744403
E-mail: reservation@keralatravels.com Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
