https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/kerala-healthcare
  ﻿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages Kerala has a long history of organised healthcare.As per documents, by the time the state was formed in 1956, the foundation for a medical care system accessible to all citizens was already laid. The easy accessibility and coverage of medical care facilities have played a dominant role in shaping the health status of Kerala. Some of the hospitals in Kerala are more than 50 years old. Health had been a major area of spending in the budget from early years in Kerala. The annual growth rate of Government healthcare expenditure has been showing a steady increase. Indias first ever Human Development Report published in 2002, placed the Southern state of Kerala on top of all the other states in India, because of easy accessibility and coverage of medical care facilities. Kerala is one state where private health sector, both indigenous and Western systems of medicine, have played a crucial role. The Ayurvedic system of treatment practised in Kerala dates back to centuries. In the field of the Allopathic system, missionary hospitals have contributed profusely by even going into the interiors of the state. High level of education, especially among women and greater health consciousness, have played a key role in the attainment of good health standards in Kerala.Today, with the mushrooming of private hospitals that offer quality services matching international standards, and with the tie-up of the healthcare industry with the tourism sector, healthcare in Kerala is growing by leaps and bounds. Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
