https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/kerala-historical-places
  ï»¿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages Kerala is not only about cool coconut groves and lush paddy fields, palm-fringed beaches and emerald backwaters, verdant hills and rainforests, but much more.It is also a treasure trove of architectural monuments. 

The state has a great composite culture, enriched by three main religions – Hinduism, Christianity and Islam. Hinduism is practised by the majority of the population while Christianity figures one-fourth of the total population. Islam was introduced by Arab traders in the 7th century. These communities have greatly contributed to the monumental wealth of the state in terms of its history and culture.Some of the great architectural treasures of the state like the beautiful wooden palace at Padmanabhapuram and the 16th-century Jewish synagogue at Fort Kochi are marvellous tourist attractions and are worth visiting.

The different monuments of Kerala symbolic of its art and architecture that stand in between the golden palm beaches, the serene lagoons and the pristine hills offer every tourist in Kerala a spectacular sight. The massive forts, once a witness to the chaos of sprawling powers and kingdoms stand silently as an acknowledgement of the past glory. The temples and churches are also reminiscent of the elegance and prosperity of a bygone era. Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
