https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/kerala-wild-life
  ﻿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages Kerala, the land of mountains, rivers, lakes, waterfalls and backwaters, has numerous national parks and wildlife sanctuaries. The enchanting green forests with elephants, tigers, wild dogs, sambars, gaurs, leopards, as well as many exotic species of reptiles, land and water birds offers a wonderful sight to the tourists.Some of the reputed forest zones such as Silent Valley are located in Kerala. Kerala, the naturally green state in India, with a plethora of greens with thick undergrowths and verdant forests, a temperate climate and so many natural sources of water, provide the perfect habitat for the growth of wildlife. Naturally, there are many wildlife sanctuaries in Kerala that have been developed to look after and preserve the wide variety of birds and animals in the wilderness of Kerala. The Kerala Wildlife sanctuaries are major tourist attractions where people from all over the world come to catch a glimpse of some rare species of animal or bird and some stunningly beautiful nature spots. There are treks that can be taken along with nature trails and nature walks along the green pastures of the sanctuaries. The visitors can also go on wildlife safaris, on jeeps or elephants, and watch the wild animals in their natural habitats in the interior of the wildlife sanctuaries in Kerala. There are a number of wildlife sanctuaries and bird sanctuaries in Kerala, which constitute a repertoire of natural wealth for the state. Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
