https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/kerala-eco-tourism
  ﻿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages Eco-tourism is a growing area in the tourist-friendly state of Kerala. Eco-tourism in Kerala has taken off in a big way because Kerala has many destinations known for their natural beauty and exquisite landscape. As Kerala is one of the greenest destinations in India, the state is a perfect hub for promoting eco-tourism in a big way. The landscape is covered with coconut palms in the coastal areas. The paddy fields shimmer with the emerald green of new shoots. The banana plantations are filled with the whisper of waving green banana leaves. The tea plantations are a green blanket that covers the hill ranges as far as the eye can see, and the backwaters are fringed with Pandanus plants that trail the tips of their long leaves in the rippling water, as you float by. The verdant beauty of Kerala is richly highlighted through the different eco-tourism destinations.The hill stations, western ghats, silent valley, the wildlife sanctuaries, jungles and parks are all splendid eco-tourism destinations.  Eco-tourism is all about being sensitive to one's surroundings and the need to preserve nature.The greenery that abounds in Kerala is not only relaxing but also refreshing. The green patch that is Kerala offers shelter to some of the best plant, bird, mammal, reptile, and amphibian species. Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
