https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/terms-and-conditions-link
  ï»¿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages The terms "we", "us", "our", "Company" Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd ", The term "you" refers to the customer visiting the Website www.keralatravels.com and/or booking a reservation through us on this Website, or through our customer service agents. This Website www.keralatravels.com is provided solely to assist you to gather travel information, determine the availability of travel-related goods and services, make legitimate reservations or otherwise transacting business with travel suppliers, and for no other purposes. 

This Website is offered to you conditional upon your acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions, and notices set forth below (collectively, the "Agreement"). By accessing or using this Website in any manner, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. To the extent you book any travel-related products or services on this Website through call centre agents, you agree that this Agreement shall apply to all such transactions. Please read the Agreement carefully. If you do not accept all of these terms and conditions, please do not use this Website. 

Be sure to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the Agreement. We reserve the right at any time, at our sole discretion, to change or otherwise modify the Agreement without prior notice, and your continued access or use of this Website signifies your acceptance of the updated or modified Agreement. The content and information on this Website, including, but not limited to, price and availability of travel services, as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to us or our suppliers and providers. While you may make limited copies of your booking (and related documents) for travel or services booked through this Website, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from or through this Website. You will not use this website or its contents for any commercial purpose. You must not post or transmit through the Website any defamatory, threatening, obscene, harmful or pornographic material or material which would violate or infringe in any way the rights of others (including intellectual property rights, rights of confidentiality, or rights of privacy) or cause distress or which do not comply with all relevant laws. You must not express opinions that are vulgar, crude, racist or otherwise offensive. Further, such content may not contain software viruses or any form of "spam." You may not, impersonate any person or entity, or mislead as to the origin of the information. 

You will not make any speculative, false, or fraudulent reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand. " Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd " reserves all rights in the site and its content. No portion of the information on this website may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written permission from Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd. By submitting information, you grant "keralatravels.com" a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to reproduce, use, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content. By submitting information you also represent and warrant that the content is accurate; you own or have permission to use the content and it will not cause injury to any person or entity. 

Please note that all products owned by "Keralatravels.com" and its suppliers and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the products is expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible allowable under the law. "keralatravels.com" offers to book of hotel rooms and services on the Site. When you enrol to obtain a product or service from "keralatravels.com" on the Site, you accept the specific agreement applicable to that product or service. Travel & Stay in certain destinations may involve greater risk than others. We urge passengers to review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements and advisories issued by their government prior to booking. By offering for hotel booking to a particular destination, we do not warrant that travelling to such destinations is advisable or risk-free and are not liable for damages or losses that may result from travelling to such destinations. The information, software, products and services published on this website may include inaccuracies or errors, including pricing errors. And we hereby states that Keralatravels.com and the affiliated and linked website partners though who promote our products and services do not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim all liability for any errors or inaccuracies relating to the information and description given for the Hotels displayed on this website including pricing, photographs, list of hotel amenities, general product descriptions etc and much on which information is provided by the respective suppliers. Hotel ratings displayed on this website are intended only as General guidelines and the company and its affiliates do not guarantee the accuracy of the ratings. In addition, we expressly reserve the right to correct any pricing errors on our website and/or on pending reservations made under an incorrect price. In such event, if available, we will offer you the opportunity to keep your pending reservation at the correct price or we will cancel your reservation without penalty. 

The Company and its affiliates and their respective suppliers may make improvements, additions, or changes on this website at any time. 

The Company and its affiliates have no liability and will make no refund in the event of any delay, cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond their direct control, and they have no responsibility for any additional expense, omissions, delays, re-routing or acts of any Government or Authority. Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
