https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/cancellation-refund-policy
  ï»¿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages You are acknowledged that the authorities in certain countries may impose certain additional taxes (tourist tax, etc), which have to be paid locally. You are exclusively responsible for paying such additional taxes. 

You are acknowledged that, except as provided below with respect to tax obligations on our services, we do not collect taxes for remittance to applicable taxing authorities. The hotel suppliers invoice us, including, where appropriate, tax amounts. The hotel suppliers remit the applicable taxes to the applicable taxing jurisdictions. The tax recovery charges which we charge you on prepaid hotel transactions represent the estimated taxes (e.g. sales and use, occupancy, room tax, excise tax, GST, etc) that we pay to the hotel supplier for taxes due on the hotel's rental for the room. They do not represent a collection of taxes from you for us to remit to the applicable tax authorities. The actual tax amounts paid by us to the hotel suppliers may vary from the tax recovery charge amounts, depending upon the rates, taxability, etc. in effect at the time of the actual use of the hotel by our customers. We retain our service fees as compensation in servicing your travel reservation. Our service fees vary based on the amount and type of hotel reservation. Reservation charges are prepaid in full or part and your credit card will be charged the full amount or partial amount of the reservation at the time you book. Individual hotels collect payment for incidentals such as meals, movies, parking, and phone calls. These are reservations that must be prepaid because they are discounted rooms. Price and room availability can only be guaranteed after the payment has been received by Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd. Visa, Master and American Express Card payments are processed through an online payment gateway system. You need not worry about your card information falling into the wrong hands because your bank will authorize the card transaction directly without any information passing through us. In approximately 25-30 seconds (depending on your internet connection) your bank will issue, using the online payment gateway, an authorization code and confirmation of completion of the transaction. You can be assured that Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd offers you the highest standards of security currently available on the internet so as to ensure that your online payment experience is private, safe and secure. Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd charges a service fee on all bookings. In case of cancellation of booking, this fee is non-refundable. The booking status will be INTIMATED to you in a maximum of 12 Business Hrs. Our Business hours are Monday to Friday: 9.30 AM to 5.30 PM and Saturday: 9.30 AM to 1.30 PM and the company cannot be held liable due to Non-communication within the stated time. The booking is considered confirmed when an email stating as such is sent to the email address provided to  “keralatravels.com" for communication. The responsibility for the authenticity of the email address and the general availability of the mailbox to receive the stated mail is solely yours. In case of the requested hotel being non-available for your dates, we will find other hotels in the same city that are available for your dates. If you so choose you might go for the alternative and a new bill will be raised to which you are bound. But if you want to cancel because of non-availability, then the WHOLE AMOUNT WILL BE REFUNDED as per our refund policy. The cancellations policies of our company are as follows : 

0 -10 days prior to stay - No refund. (on the full amount)

11-15 days prior to stay - 50% refund (on the full amount)

16 -30 days prior to stay - 80% refund (on the full amount)

More than 30 days prior to stay - 90% refund (on the full amount) There won’t be any refund during the festival seasons like Diwali, Pooja, Christmas and the long weekends when the hotel bookings are almost full. The main reason behind this being, the high rate of bookings that the hotels/resorts get during this time. Hence they find it difficult to adjust to the cancellations at the last moment. This can cause losses to them. All refunds will be sent back from our side within 7 working days. The amount will be sent from our account within 7 working days and we do not guarantee the time it takes for you to receive it, as it is up to your bank to process the refund.GST paid will be deducted from the given amount in case of cancellation.   Hotel requests for specific features such as bedding type or non-smoking rooms are simply that, and while most hotels will strive to honour your requests, neither Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd nor the hotel guarantee that your request will be honoured. Hotels change pet acceptance policies often and without notice. It is very important that you confirm directly with the property that they do, indeed, accept pets  Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd accepts NO RESPONSIBILITY for an individual property's pet policy. Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd shall have the right immediately to terminate your use of the website if we determine in our sole discretion that you have breached these terms and conditions or otherwise been engaged in conduct which we determine in our sole discretion to be unacceptable. All matters relating to your access to and use of the site shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of India. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in India in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd site/services. Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
