https://www.keralatravels.com/pages/privacy-policy
  ï»¿
 Kerala Hotels, Resorts & Homestays Book Kerala Tour Packages Book Kerala Houseboats Book Kerala Taxi Book Kerala Ayurveda Packages Book International Tour Packages Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd doesn't collect Personal Information. In your dealings with " you may provide "Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd " with personal information. Personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy means information that can be used to personally identify you or is associated with any such information. We may also store information users knowingly provide such as feedback forms, suggestions, and emails to " Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd ". " Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd “may use such information for its internal purposes, including, but not limited to, email and web design optimizations, new features, and editorial and feedback purposes. Information entered may be aggregated across all users in order to determine and target demographics for marketing and advertising purposes. All user information stored by Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd is considered confidential and will not be shared with outside parties. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes while at the site. Cookies make Web-surfing easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you, and personalizing web pages for you. They are also used as part of web applications. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you'll find cookies at most major Web sites. Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd may use permanent cookies to recognize you and enable an automatic log-in to the site, and session cookies to help facilitate an online application. Any personal information collected about you through cookies will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you should receive a warning message with each cookie. You may refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, however, you should be aware that our site like most other popular sites may not work well with "cookies disabled". Some Products & Services provided in the Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd website may contain links to third-party retailers or service providers. These outside retailers all have their own privacy policies, which are available on their website. "Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd” reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users through a notice posted on. Keralatravels.com or by email, of the existence of a new privacy policy or any updates. Except as required by law, we will not use or disclose your personal information for any purpose for which you refuse us consent or later withdraw your consent. If you withdraw consent, you agree that in spite of this withdrawal we may continue to use the personal information previously provided to us to the extent that we are contractually obligated to do so and to the extent necessary to enforce any contractual obligations you may have to “Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd “. You also understand that although you can use our site for some purposes without providing us with any personal information, we need personal information about you for some services, including those that require payment or involve an ongoing relationship with “Worldviewer Dot Com India Pvt Ltd  " or our partners. If you refuse to provide us with the information we require or later withdraw your consent to use and disclose this information, we may no longer be able to provide you with these services. Due to continuos exam prepartions I have lost my sleep. My doctor recommended me to buy Ambien online at Ambienzolpidem.com drugstore and i took 1 hour prior to my bed time. The effect of the pill is pretty good. I have not feel day time drowsiness as I had a tight sleep during the night time. Leave this empty:  
Munnar, Thekkady, Wayanad  
Kovalam , Varkala, Fort Cochin  
Kumarakom, Kollam, Bekal  
Kovalam, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram  
Thenmala, Wayanad  
Dental Tourism, Medical Tourism  
Vagamon, Kodanad  
Cochin, Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram  
Kollam, Thekkady, Wayanad   
Alappuzha , Bekal , Kollam   
Guruvayur , Sabarimala   
Vehicles for hire , Luxury Vehicles   
Athirapally , Munnar , Wayanad    
Munnar , Thekkady , Wayanad   
Bekal ,Thenmala   
Honeymoon , Family  , Spiritual  WorldViewer Dot Com (India) Pvt. Ltd. II Floor, G 66, Elders Forum Road Panampilly Nagar, Cochin, Kerala, India Pin - 682 036 Tel:  +91 484 4010403,   4010404,4011406  Mobile: + 91 98460 43403 reservation@keralatravels.com 

+ 91 98460 43403 Kerala Districts : Alappuzha | Ernakulam | Idukki | Kannur | Kollam | Kottayam | 







              Kozhikode | Kasargod | Malappuram | Pathanamthitta |Palakkad |

               Thiruvananthapuram | Trichur | Wayanad  Copyright 2018 WorldViewer Dot Com. All rights reserved
