https://keralatourism.travel
  Kerala is a place to break away from mundanity of life; travel with Kerala Tourism into the world of hidden natural wonders, glorious history, glamourous traditions, aromatic ayurvedic spas and an unforgettable  culinary experience. With Arabian Sea in the west and the Western Ghats in the east, the Indian state of Kerala has been rightly called as the “God’s own country”. With a network of 44 rivers, breathtaking stretches of backwaters, mesmerizing hill stations with their peaks talking to the sky, shimmering golden beaches and rare wildlife, Kerala has almost everything a traveler would seek. Adding to all these attractive features, it has numerous numbers of ancient buildings presenting incomparable architectural features. The mouthwatering cuisine of Kerala also lures many admirers. Plan a holiday to Kerala with Kerala Tourism from Holidays DNA to get a refreshing break from the day to day struggles of personal and professional life. Often called as the ‘Land of Ayurveda’, Kerala is perfect for a rejuvenating massage or some Ayurvedic treatments if you want to relax not just your mind but also your soul. And the good news is that now you don’t have to worry about travel arrangements as we at “Holidays DNA” take care of almost everything related to your Kerala Tours. We offer a wide range of tour packages catering to everyone’s whims and desires. Tourists can choose from our extensive array of Kerala India Tour Packages which have been designed carefully by our travel experts who have taken care of all kinds of requirements of travelers. Our kerala tour packages cater to varying budget limits of our customers. Irrespective of your budget and the duration of your travel, we promise timely services and maintain high standards of the facilities we offer. We take into consideration different purposes and requirements of customers who are travelling to Kerala from various parts of the country. “Kerala Tourism from Holidays DNA” team ensure that our customers get the best possible deal. Kerala attracts not only tourists from India but also captivates equal amount of international tourists. This place has something to offer each and every visitor. From a kid to a senior citizen,  from a family to a couple, this state promises to make every traveler happy. To make your journey even better, the “Kerala Tourism from Holidays DNA” team will be there with you throughout your travel. With us by your side, you can just sit back and enjoy every aspect of its cities and towns, without letting any kind of travel worries to bother you. Kerala Tourism from Holidays DNA offers incomparable list of packages including honeymoon tour packages, family tour packages, adventure packages, business tour packages, fixed departures, group tours, etc.  We also offer customized tour packages. You can list out all your specifications such as facility of babysitting or child care, extra bed, etc to get a tailor made Kerala tour which suits you. Whether you want a luxury holiday or a budget trip, a family tour or an adventure holiday, an Ayurveda tour to Kerala or a honeymoon, we make sure you enjoy every single day in this state. At Holidays DNA, you will find many interesting flavors of Kerala tour packages. Our travel experts value a good travel and thus take personal interest in every tour. We try to ensure that your travel is hassle free and you enjoy every single moment. Assisting you with their updated knowledge of this destination, they provide you with varying suggestion on Kerala, for instance the best time to visit, about the cuisines, activities to do, expected tourist behaviors at various places, tourist spots to visit, etc. They suggest you based on the kind of our package you are opting. 1 Night & 2 Days Packages Car Rentals in Kerala Full Day Kochi Local Sightseeing Tour   
