http://keralakavadam.com/
  Over 900 km of the kerala backwaters connecting lakes,rivers and canals are navigable and have been used for centuries for transport.A cruise alng these waterways in a houseboat is the most enchanting experience for the tourist.Kerala Backwaters are where you can truly enjoy the privacy ad simultaneously reconnect with nature at close quarters. The backwaters of Kerala have been rated 23rd (dream destinations of the World) by The national Geographic Society’s Center for sustainable Destinations. Onam is the biggest and the most important festival of the state of Kerala. It is a harvest festival and is celebrated with joy and enthusiasm all over the state by people of all communities. Besides its famous backwaters, rice paddy fields, coconut grooves, elegant houseboats and figure licking cuisines, Kerala is home to some of the vibrant spiritual places. Kerala has a remarkable collection of historic and contemporary architecture that draws inspiration from a variety of religious dominations. Considered to be the heavenly domain of God, Kerala is evidently home to the most beautiful churches, temples, mosques and Gurudwaras.  The Jatayu Nature Park is currently being set up at Chadayamangalam near the M.C. Road. The site chosen for the park is the exact spot where the mythical creature Jatayu was believed to have fallen from the sky after his fight with Raavan. Read More LuLu Mall, in the city of Kochi, Kerala, is the largest shopping mall in India in terms of total area. It is one of the most visited places in Kerala. Spanning 17 acres (6.9 ha) with a total built up area of 2.5 million square feet, the mall has a retail space of 1.7 million square feet.The mall was opened on March 2013. It contains more than 215 outlets,including food courts, restaurants, family entertainment zones, a multiplex, ice skating rink and bowling alley. Read More Medical Tourism in Kerala. Kerala is already marketed as a health destination mainly for its Ayurveda packages. Medical tourism is marketed along with Ayurveda and other health packages. Advanced and sophisticated hospitals… Read More Kannur International Airport is an under construction, international airport designed to serve the city of Kannur in the state of Kerala, India. It is being built at Mattannur, 25 kilometres (16 mi) from the city. Read More Kochi Metro is a metro system serving the city of Kochi in Kerala, India. It was opened to the public within four years of starting the construction, making it the fastest completed metro project in India until the Lucknow Metro overtook it. Read More Awesome trip it was… Gonna miss it…. Our trip organizer he was very helpful n good in nature Bcoz of him it was successful.. Beautiful nature, peaceful place Abhishek, March 12-22, 2016 I loved every bit of the travel.. amazing hotels and services provided.. very cooperative driver and skilled too.. amazing loved it. The house boat.. tea plantations.. and all of it made very beautiful with the luxury of the travel. Devendra, September 04-16, 2016
