http://keralakavadam.com/about-kerala-2/
   Kerala, a narrow fertile strip of land on the south-west coast of India between the Western Ghats in the east and Arabian Sea in the west.The unique geographical features of Kerala,have made it one of the most sought-after tourist destinations in Asia. Fondly referred to as “The God’s Own Country”, Kerala was selected by the National Geographic Traveller as one of the thirteen paradises in the world. An equable climate, serene beaches, tranquil stretches of backwaters, lush hill stations, exotic wildlife,classical art forms, colourful festivals, exotic cuisine are some of the major attractions of Kerala. Over 900 km of the kerala backwaters connecting lakes,rivers and canals are navigable and have been used for centuries for transport.A cruise alng these waterways in a houseboat is the most enchanting experience for the tourist.Kerala Backwaters are where you can truly enjoy the privacy ad simultaneously reconnect with nature at close quarters. The backwaters of Kerala have been rated 23rd (dream destinations of the World) by The national Geographic Society’s Center for sustainable Destinations. Ayurveda, the ancient Indian system of medicine and Panchakarma, the rejuvenation therapy in Ayurveda have also helped Kerala to gain a pan-global reputation as a worth-visit destination. Almost a quarter of the land area of Kerala is covered by forest.Kerala has one of the richest varieties of flora and fauna in India and is immensely blessed by nature with lush vegetation, scenic beaches , serene backwaters, stunning mountains, hill stations, wildlife and bird sanctuary, forts and palaces, pilgrim centres and festivals. As far back as the 3rd century BC, Egyptians, Phoenicians, Chinese and Babylonians had trade relation with Kerala. In the early 17th century, the Dutch, the French and the English too were lured by Kerala’s wealth of ivory, teak and spices like ginger, cinnamon, cardamom, and pepper.The Apostle of Christ, St. Thomas is believed to have come to Muziris in AD 52 and established the first church in Kerala.Portuguese discovered the sea route to India from Europe when Vasco Da Gama landed with his ship near Kappad in Calicut,Kerala in AD 1498. Eventhough the main religion is Hinduism the Kerala society is a mix of people belonging to Hindus,Christians and Muslims. An example for religious harmony, the temples, churches and Mosque stand shoulder to shoulder. Christmas, Ramzan, Onam, Diwali are all celebrated in Kerala with same pomp and gaiety irrespective of religious sentiment. The climate of Kerala is tropical .The summer months are from February to May with the temperature ranging from 24-33 degree C.The monsoon falls during June-Septmber while the winter months are between October and January.The temperature during the winter range from 22-32 degree C. A fascinating heritage of art and culture ‘Kathakali’, a rhythmic dance based on ancient epics and ‘Kalarippayattu’ the worlds oldest martial art,’Mohiniattam’,’Theyyam’, ‘Koothu’, ‘Koodiyattam’, ‘Ottamthullal’ and more. Of late Kerala has gained international attention for Medical Tourism and is becoming a popular international medical tourism destination.Ayurveda medical system which was evolved in India, is around 5,000 years old. Ayurveda believes in the treatment of the individual as a whole, making it the natural way to refresh you, eliminate all toxic imbalances from the body and thus regain resistance and good health. It has its roots in ancient Vedic literature.Now Kerala has a pool of trained doctors and nurses and an excellent network of hospitals that offer international standard treatments in all medical systems at very affordable prices. Kerala is the most advanced state in India with the highest literacy rate and the lowest birth rate.Kerala is proud of its remarkable progress in all human development indices such as education,health,birth rate,life expectancy and infant survival and is now comparable to those in developed countries. Kerela has several firsts to add glory to its tourism hat.It is already famous for the quality of the tourism experience it offers.From the beauty of its natural enviornment to cultural diversity,Kerala is truly “The God’s Own Country”. Thiruvananthapuram International Airport Phone: (+91)-471-2501424 Cochin International Airport Phone: (+91)-484-2610113 Kozhikode Calicut International Airport Phone: (+91)-483-2711325 Kannur International Airport Phone: (+91)-490-2481000,2474463,2474464
