http://keralakavadam.com/christian-festivals/
  All Christians, celebrate Christmas as the birthday of Jesus Christ on 25th December every year and is an inseparable part of Christians all over the countries around the world. It is the most significant and spectacular of Christian festivals and no other celebration is so auspicious and enriched with so many customs and ceremonies. There is an array of spectacles like Christmas Star, Christmas tree, the Crib, Christmas Carol, Christmas cake, Christmas presents, greetings and the Christmas Father. Holy Mass is held in all the churches. Carol singing, setting up of decorated Christmas tree in all churches and homes, with a midnight mass depicts the beginning of Christmas. Exchanges of greeting cards and sending and receiving gifts are now became the integral part of the festivities associated with the Christmas. There is also a feast in every Christian home with meat, Turkey, Cake as a special item, and the celebrations of Christmas leave good memories in every heart. Easter is an important festival of Christians, which commemorates the resurrection of Jesus Christ. For Christians, the dawn of Easter with its message of new life is the high point of the year. Easter is the time when Christians remember the last week of Jesus’ life. According to Christian scripture, Jesus was resurrected from the dead on the third day from his crucifixion. Christians celebrate this resurrection on Easter Day or Easter Sunday (also Resurrection Day or Resurrection Sunday), two days after Good Friday and three days after Maundy Thursday. Easter also refers to the season of the church year called Eastertide or the Easter Season. Easter usually falls in March-April. Christians go for mid-night mass on Easter day, as a memory of the resurrection of Jesus, 2000 years ago. Traditionally the Easter Season lasted for the forty days from Easter Day until Ascension Day but now officially lasts for the fifty days until Pentecost. The first week of the Easter Season is known as Easter Week or the Octave of Easter. Easter also marks the end of Lent, a season of fasting, prayer, and penance. Lent is a period of spiritual preparation for Easter which typically involves fasting, penance and prayer. It was originally established by various Christian groups as an interval ranging from a few days to several weeks. It was eventually fixed in the 8th century CE at 40 days. (The number 40 is one of many magical numbers with religious significance in the Bible. 40 days recalls the interval that Jesus, Moses and Elias spent in the desert.Among Roman Catholics, Lent lasts for six and a half weeks before Easter, excluding Sundays. Among the Eastern Orthodox churches, it is a full eight weeks, because Saturdays and Sundays are not included.
