http://keralakavadam.com/whats-new/
  LuLu Mall, in the city of Kochi, Kerala, is the largest shopping mall in India in terms of total area. It is one of the most visited places in Kerala. Spanning 17 acres with a total built up area of 2.5 million square feet, the mall has a total retail space of 1.7 million square feet. The mall was opened on March 2013. It contains more than 215 outlets, including food courts, restaurants, family entertainment zones, a multiplex, ice skating rink and bowling alley.The estimated cost for this project is more than ₹16 billion or US$250 million. Kochi Metro is a metro system serving the city of Kochi in Kerala, India. It was opened to the public within four years of starting the construction, making it the fastest completed metro project in India until the Lucknow Metro overtook it. The Kochi metro project is the first metro in the country which connects rail, road and water transport facilities.The first phase is being set up at an estimated cost of ₹51.81 billion (US$810 million). On October 2017, Kochi Metro was named the Best Urban Mobility Project in India by the Urban Development Ministry, as part of the Urban Mobility India (UMI) international conference hosted by the ministry every year. Kerala is fast becoming a popular destination for medical tourism. As more hospitals, clinics and medical services spring up in Kerala, they have increasingly made ties with the tourism industry. ‘God’s Own Country’ which was once regarded as a place for relaxing and unwinding is also becoming a popular destination for achieving health, particularly in the realms of Allopathy, Ayurveda and Dentistry. Many tourists are taking advantage of various medical packages related to the before mentioned realms, particularly due to the increasing presence of trained and experienced doctors and medical facilities in Kerala. Many of the places where these services are offered maintain international standards and are therefore able to deliver cost effective treatments.  Kannur International Airport is an under construction, international airport designed to serve the city of Kannur in the state of Kerala, India. It is being built at Mattannur, 25 kilometres (16 mi) from the city in a public private partnership (PPP) model under Kannur International Airport Ltd (KIAL). The airport received the IATA code of CNN in July 2017 which is an abbreviation for Cannanore, the anglicised name for Kannur. By August 2010 acquisition of about 1200 acres of land was completed in two phases, and acquisition of another 780 acres was in progress for the third phase. The project office was inaugurated at Mattannur in December 2012. The first phase of Jatayu Nature Park, a much awaited tourism destination in Kerala, is all set to open in January 2016. The park is named after the mythical bird from Ramayana — Jatayu, who tried to rescue Sita from Ravana. The nature park project has been started with the aim of promoting mythology, adventure and wellness tourism. Located in Chadayamangalam village in Kollam district of Kerala, this rock theme park will be a treat to the eyes as well as the sense of adventure for the tourists. This is the first public private partnership tourism initiative between the Kerala government and Guruchandrika Builders and Property Private Limited. It is designed on a BOT (build-operate-transfer) model. Here are 6 interesting things about the park.
