https://www.keralatourism.org/destination/vagamon-idukki/324
  Vagamon hill station in Idukki is among the few spots on the planet that need to be experienced first-hand to truly discover its glory. The grassy hills, velvet lawns and overall mysticism of the place cannot be replicated anywhere else in the world. This quaint town lies untouched by any modern influences and is neatly tucked away in Idukki district. Visitors can avail many activities including trekking, paragliding, mountaineering and rock climbing. People love travelling across a chain of three famous hills: Thangal, Murugan and Kurisumala. These are important to Hindus, Muslims and Christians, respectively, and are a perfect example of the communal harmony prevalent in the place. The Kurisumala monks have an enchanting dairy farm nearby that is an absolute delight to visit. Nearest railway station:  Kottayam, about 75 km from Peermede Nearest airport:   Cochin International Airport, about 150 km from Peermede Latitude: 9.690952, Longitude: 76.904783 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
