http://www.sreestours.com/
  Kerala, “God’s Own Country”, is the place where you can find the most astonishing creations of God ever witnessed. The eye catching nature and the aura of the environment truly justify the name given to it, “God’s Own Country”. From its roots to its hill foot, everything in Kerala is worth visiting, and inspiring at the same time. If you are looking forward to live the aura of Kerala then SreesTours can be your final destination. With its ultimate Kerala tour packages, SreesTours offers you the greatest of the tours you can ever have. SreesTours provides standard quality customized Kerala tour packages, with complete assistance from the time of your arrival. Kerela is the beautiful Indian state that lies in the south- western tip of the Indian peninsula. The Arabian sea, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, flank it on the west, north and east respectively. The heavenly state is famous for its distinctive traditions, culture, and lush unspoiled tropical beauty. The elephants, elaborate temple festivals, and the tranquil backwaters complemented with the moderate pace of life, making Kerala the perfect place for a leisurely vacation. SreesTours is a Kerala tourism accredited tour operator based in Kumarakom offers all type of Kerala packages to cater your requirements. As a leading Kerala tour operator, we deeply understand the needs of our customers. If you are traveling alone, with your spouse, friends, family or colleague; we have customized Kerala tour package for each needs. Just drop a line or dial a number given below and book your dream tour package now. Looking for our reviews? Kerala tour operator SreesTours.com is rated 4.7 out of 5 – Based on 70 reviews via Google Places. Cheap rate Guranteed!!!  Submit  This is the 2nd time I’ve used SreesTours website and telling you the truth their services are always realiable and it only takes few minutes to plan and finalize your entire trip using their extremely fast website and up to date listings. I’m super excited about my next trip to USA.  This is the 4th time I’ve used SreesTours website and telling you the truth their services are always realiable and it only takes few minutes to plan and finalize your entire trip using their extremely fast website and up to date listings. I’m super excited about my next trip to Paris. Lake Canopy is an ideal hotel & resort for all type of travellers for home stay in Alleppey, Kerala. It is located in Punnamada, Alappuzha. This resort maintains 28 rooms/ cottages with amazing views of Alleppey backwater. It is offer luxurious & comfort hospitality services at affordable price. SPEZIA Resort, a tree plantation resort is located in Thekkady, Kerala. This wonderful resort is surrounded by the lush greenery of Thekkady. This resort has beautiful cottages which are set in a serene environment. This resort offers free WiFi access, multi cuisine delicacies to relish your appetite, panoramic view of the top trees, spice garden and other all modern amenities & facilities that will ensure guests have a comfortable stay. Book Honeymoon tour package with Spezia Natural Resort’s only at RS. 17,000 for 2 Ni & 3 Days. Other taxes are not included in this hotel pricing. How To Reach: You can add details here. Location: Amaravathy, Amaravathi, Kumily, Kerala 685509 Ayurveda and Yoga: You can add ayurveda and yoga details here. Specialty /Advantage staying this resort:  You can add specialty/advantages of this resorts. Note: Just give enter on last update text to add new text in bulleted list. These cliff-top rooms come to almost 500 sq ft in size. Located in the main block of the hotel, the Beach View Superior Rooms have private sundecks attached, which look out into spectacular views of the Kovalam shoreline. Sublime sunrises and resplendent sunsets are now just a short walk away. Adorned with the traditional Kerala décor, and leaning towards the architectural style of the land, these rooms are fitted with modern amenities like mini bar, posturepedic beds and walk-in wardrobe. Responsive climate control, high-speed internet access/Wi-Fi internet connectivity, an HD TV and in-room electronic safes, in-room dining, laundry, concierge services and doctor-on-call are other amenities you can look forward to in these rooms. Book The Leela hotel & resort’s room with SreesTours only at RS 12,000 per night per couple. Other taxes are not included in this hotel pricing. Enjoy our nouvelle restaurants, energetic bar and sprawling spa! Our chef is eager to wow you with specially designed meals. Try mixing business with fun and see how well wired our 10-acre resort is. Drive in to one of the best 5-star deluxe resorts in Kerala, enjoying surprises around the corners. The 12-kilometre drive from Thiruvananthapuram airport and 14-kilometre drive from the railway station will be a breeze. With one of the best hotels in Kovalam, Vivanta by Taj – Green Cove, delights you along the way. Guests coming from Cochin airport can enjoy a charming 5-hour drive through the exotic Kerala countryside. Experience the local flavour of Kerala combined with Balinese influences in the architecture and décor. Feel the Vivanta by Taj vibe as you find surprises delighting you throughout your stay at Kovalam. It still remains the charming seaside and backwaters resort that blends in with the Arabian Sea. Where fun lovers come again and again for a good time. Book Green Cove room in Vivanta by Taj hotel with SreesTours and Save RS 2,500 with us. Other taxes are not included in this hotel pricing. Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
