http://www.sreestours.com/blog
  ICTT India 2019 or International Conference on Travel Technology India is a one of a kind of tourism marketing event that seeks to address the issues with the changing travel industry scenarios, especially with respect to technologies and innovations. The aim of the conference is to understand the pace with which technology is becoming a… Kerala is said to be a replica of heaven on earth. Be it summer, winter or late rainy season; it has always been a right choice to plan holidays in Kerala with booking your suitable Kerala Tour Package. With abundance of natural beauty, extended beaches, rising hills, descending waterfalls, and exotic culture accompanied by luscious… Kerala is listed in National Geographic Traveler’s Magazine as a must see destinations of life-time in the world. Every year number of travelers come to Kerala from worldwide to get an experience of heaven on earth. Not only that but Kerala is also considered as a best honeymoon destination for couples. Kerala aka God’s Own… Nehru Trophy Boat Race is conducted in the Punnamada Kayal (lake) in Alleppey which is the most beautiful Kerala Backwaters every year 2nd Saturday of August month.  The race for the year 2019 will be held on 10th Aug 2019 at Punnamada Kayal (lake) Kerala. Nehru Trophy Boat Race is also known as premier of … The chaos of city life and monotonous routine life has exhausted you. To freshen up the mind, body and soul; you have been looking for a holiday. But the destination preferences among you and family make it difficult for you to decide upon the holiday destination. If so is the case with you; by the… Just imagine the view and scenery of the Munnar hill station just after the rain in Monsoon season. Loved it? Yes, monsoon season in Kerala is absolutely amazing for tourists. Each year many tourists visits Kerala just after the summer season to enjoy the glimpse of amazing rainy season on Kerala. last year Kerala faced… Monsoon in Kerala is not just about continuous rains and gloomy environment. One also gets embraced with the glowing sun rays in between the rains which totally balance the damp weather. Unlike other places, Kerala has two rainy seasons known as Edavapathy and Thulavarsham. The first starts in June and ends by mid August whereas… Kerala experiences the highest influx of tourists, more than any other state in India. Kerala has the reputation of the popular international tourist destination and is considered as the land of Ayurveda and Spices, is rich in elements of Indian culture. Kerala has the most beautiful backwaters and sunny beaches and is rich in heritage… “Bonjour” – Yes, Kerala people do know about few French words because Kerala receives the maximum number of tourists from France after USA & UK. Few of the french tourists are confused about how to book kerala tour packages and what kind of preparation should be done before visiting the Kerala? Well, here we have… Kerala isn’t a tourist place. It is a destination that lures every Indian and foreigner tourist. From the hills to seashores, sea food, regional food, and historical places the list is endless. Tea plantations, houseboats and spa-massage centers are prime attractions for tourists. Like the renowned places Kochi, Munnar, Thekkedy, Kumarakom etc. Kottayam has its… Submit Srees Tours & Travels – Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defence Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 SreesTours Official Blog About Kerala Tourism. All rights reserved
