http://www.sreestours.com/kerala-tour-packages.html
  The perfect Kerala tour package is the combination of best plan + comfortable stay & hassle free transportation. If you are planning for a Kerala tour and worried about stay, itinerary, transportation and cost? Don’t worry, Sreestours is there for you to plan your entire Kerala tour package as per your needs and budget. Now don’s waste your time on searching hotels, itinerary and negotiate cost where SreesTours can do the same for you at highly competitive price.   
 Kerala tour packages offered by SreesTours includes Hill station packages, houseboat packages, wildlife century packages, back water and beach packages. These packages start at very reasonable rates and can hike up to the level of your comfort. We can also design custom Kerala tour packages by understanding your taste, budget and comfort and includes one of the most famous places to visit in Kerala. Sreestours comes in the category of standard Kerala tour operator that assures you to experience the same adventure and joy that seems in the brochures or over websites. Kerala tour packages of sreestours covers vast range of destination and provide one day tour packages to one month packages. The most popular Kerala packages includes hill station & houseboat package and hill station, houseboat & beach Kerala package. It is totally dependent upon your choice and number of days you want to spend in Kerala. Here we have published comprehensive guide on Kerala tour package section, that will definitely make your selection process easier. Meanwhile, checkout our theme based Kerala packages listed below and plan your tour now. As always, our team is there to answer your query 24 X 7. Q-1) What is the best time to visit Kerala? A.) Kerala is an amazing place throughout the year but if it comes to decide the best time to visit Kerala, we would recommend September to March. You can experience all the seasons if you visit Kerala in between this time period. Also most of the famous Kerala festivals are celebrated from September to March month in Kerala. Q-2) What are the best places to visit in Kerala? A.) There are some amazing places of Kerala you should never miss to visit. If you are planning to visit Hill stations in Kerala then visit Munnar, Wayanad, Thekkady hill station. To experience wonderful backwaters take houseboat tour in Kumarakom. In Kerala beaches are one of the cleanest so, you should visit Cochin, Kovalam, Aleppey beach for sure. Apart from this some other popular places are Vagamon, Trivandrum and some popular historic places. Q-3) Which kerala tour package is best suitable for me? A.) It completely depended upon your plan, time and budget. There are various Kerala tour packages available with Srees Tours as per your needs. If you plan honeymoon at this amazing place there is complete Kerala honeymoon package available also if you are visiting this place with your family or friends there are some amazing packages. Q-4) How to book taxi in Kerala? A.) Finding individual taxi in Kerala is little costly as most of taxi drivers had tied up with tour agency. To get cheaper taxi we would suggest you to book Kerala Tour Package and the taxi will be available to you within the tour package budget – Check out complete details here –  Kerala Taxi Q-5) What are the best things to buy in Kerala? A.) There are number of things that you wish to buy in Kerala but I would recommend some special things that whenever you happen to visit Kerala bring them home. Houseboat Models, Spices, Banana Chips, Coconut and Coir Products, Kerala Handicraft and Tea-Coffee should be in your bucket list. Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
