http://www.sreestours.com/book-hotels-kerala.html
  Booking hotels is the important part for any trips, if you have booked best hotels your travel experience will be more memorable. When some one planning a trip to Kerala, this is the first question generally asked by the people themselves. Most people see reviews of the hotels through the review sites; others ask their friends with whom they arranged the trip and the most intelligent will think that they will not book a package from the travel agent but book the hotels through different online vendors & book the taxi separately etc. The biggest misconception we found amongst tourist is “If we book hotels directly, we will get best rates as compare to package booking” This is totally wrong! Let us explain why. It is always good to have a proper planning before proceed with your booking. Srees Tours introduces 5 simple guidelines to identify the cheapest way of booking their trip to Kerala. Most important thing is to select a hotel which is properly fit to own budget. There are different hotels available with same price but some hotels offer more facility. Just one example is Kovalam hotel – Udaya samudra and Hotel Samudra. Udaya Samudra rooms are available in online sites approximately for Rs 3500 – 4000. Where as Hotel Samudra, is available for Rs 3400 – 3600 range. When comparing the facility, Udaya samudra is much better than Hotel Samudra.  Location of a hotel in each place as important as money paid for the same. When traveling with family and kids, it is important to have the hotel centrally located. When staying near the beach or lake, a room with a view to the lake or sea view room is most desirable. Most people search for reviews in the trip adviser where prices comparison is also available. Most of them book the hotel immediately assuming that they got the cheapest price. But in actual this is not true. Below is one example. These are few examples and since customers are not going any further to check the prices, they end up paying much more than actual. Suppose if he is staying in kerala for 6 nights, by booking online hotels he lost approximately Rs 2400 already by paying much for same property. Most people, when planning a trip to Kerala, think that they will get a discounted price when book the room directly with the hotel. There are instances when the customer informing the hotel that they are calling directly so they should give maximum discount to the direct customer. A travel agent or an online hotel booking portal give a hotel bulk business touching up to 50 – 70 room nights every month. Accordingly these business houses / travel agents have a cheapest price available from the hotel. Hotel cannot survive without travel agent business. So the hotels ensures that travel agents and online portals have cheapest price available, though the direct guest also get a discounted price but cannot match the price available with the travel agents. Just have a look of below examples. All KTDC hotels offer a 10% discount, if booked directly. It has been mentioned in the site www.ktdc.com If we take this into consideration, a guest who is booking hotels directly for 6 ni 7 days, he will surely loose approx Rs 2000. This can simply avoid by booking a package with Srees Tours which is equally discounted. I am booking hotels through online portal, because, How can I believe a local travel agent? After paying money, he may easily switch off his mobile and run off. How can I trust a person whom I never met? What is the guarantee that the service provided will be good? This is the main reason people are looking at online portal for booking Kerala Tour Packages even though they are ending up with paying more. One can easily find a good local travel agent in Kerala after reading reviews of previous customers. Srees Tours have already registered in few of the review sites and previous reviews are available. Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
