http://www.sreestours.com/tree-house-in-kerala.html
   Tree House is one of the unique concepts created for tourists who are visiting Kerala to get “something different” feeling. If properly chosen, a stay in Tree House becomes a very memorable experience tourist can get during their trip to Kerala. Srees Tours, Kumarakom, which used to include overnight stay in Tree House in all the tour packages, here gives some idea about the Tree Houses in Kerala as well as how to have a memorable experience in them. The Tree House is similar to a house, which is mounted on a tree with walls, roofs, windows, and all other basic amenities, which can be used as a temporary shelter for recreation. The Tree house concept is derived from what some of the people in Kerala who lived near to the forest and mountains. In the earlier days, Kerala was covered by green thick forests, which are part of Western Ghats that includes thick forest and mountains. Most of the agricultural lands belongs to farmers who are located near to the Western Ghats are either located in the forests or nearby forests. Homes are far away from their agricultural land, they need to stay near to the agricultural land to look after and protect their cultivations. These farmers who live near to the forest are also prone to attack from elephants and other wild animals. To protect themselves, they used to construct their temporary huts on big trees and used to climb on the huts by rope ladder. Once they get into the hut, they used to fold the rope ladder so that they are safe to some extent. There are many damaged / unused huts on the tree tops that are still available in nearby forests as well as there are couple of huts presently used by forest department of Kerala on the way to Agastyaarkoodam, near Trivandrum.  At present, the Tree Houses are used for recreational purpose for the incoming tourists in Kerala. There are three major types of Tree House based on their height, capacity, structure and usage: Tree Houses in Kerala are constructed, owned, and operated by resorts located at Munnar, Thekkedy, Wayanad etc. Since its being part of a particular resort, the tourists have an option to experience the tree house also while staying in resorts. As Tree houses are part of the respective resorts, it does not mean that all the hotels or resorts in Kerala have Tree house. There are only few resorts which have good trees available around their premises can make this facility.  Elevation to the Tree House from the ground level may be 10 meters to 50 meters and it varies from Tree House to Tree House. The best Tree House experience depends upon the height of the Tree House from the ground level, the view available etc. There will be steps, ladder, or suitable method available to reach the Tree house from ground. Since this tree house experience is a unique and memorable, some of the resorts have constructed their Tree House on an artificial steel pole erected from the ground level. These kind of artificial Tree Houses will surely not a good option to experience and one will not get the exclusive experience from these artificial tree houses. In Kerala, tourists can experience a stay in Tree House in the following tourist destinations. Most of the Tree Houses have master bed room, balcony, attached western style toilet with hot water, a mosquito net, coffee/tea maker etc. An air-condition may or may not be available. In most of the cases, an air conditioner is not available in tree house. Since the Tree House is within the premises of a resort, one can always expect additional facility like a room service, doctor on call etc. It is always suggested to check the facilities of a tree house before booking the same. All the above services are included in the total package that starts from Rs 8000 per person. As mentioned above, most of the tree houses are near to the forest or plantations, therefore insects, night flies, ants, mosquitoes etc. are common problems in Tree Houses. Since it is more nature oriented, frequent maintenance is required. Those who like to have something different; a stay in a tree house is always a memorable one. The best way to experience a tree house is to spend a full day in tree house with in-house resort activities. As mentioned above, there certain tourist destinations in Kerala where Tree House stay facility is available.  In case the tourist want to experience the same, look at tree houses at that place and include in the Kerala tour packages.  We always recommend to advise from a reputed travel agents help so that the tree house stay can be perfectly fitted in their Tour Packages. It is very safe to stay in Tree House as it is not located inside the forest and care of resort’s staffs is always available. Since it is erected from the ground, those who have kids along with them should take care of the children. Sometime the location of a tree house cannot be accessed by car; therefore, it is always advisable to check the proper location so that no surprises will greet you on arrival. Munnar is one of the best hill stations in Kerala. Some of the resorts in Munnar have constructed the tree house for their guests. Below are the Tree houses in Munnar. Tariff of Tree House is always little higher due to huge expense for maintenance. Average price available is between Rs. 5000/- to Rs. 8000/- which may increase upto Rs. 10000/- in peak season dates. Most of the tree house provides dinner also in this price. A tree house experience is highly recommended round the year in Kerala except monsoon seasons. Monsoon starts in Kerala from June to August. One can expect heavy rain during July. We recommend avoiding a tree house stay during these times since access to tree house is difficult.
Book Now Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
