http://www.sreestours.com/kumarakom-backwaters.html
   Kumarakom is one of the most popular tourist destination in Kerala known for their unique houseboat experience, village culture and backwater. Kumarakom is located on the banks of the Vembanadu Lake ,Meenachil River which originates in the high ranges in the Eastern part of Kerala, flowing through various districts and finally ends at a place called Kavanar at Kumarakom. Kumarakom is one of the best tourist destination of Kerala and tourists from all around the world visit this place during thier Kerala visit. If you are traveling alone, with your spouse, friend or family this place can provide best experience for each group. Learn more about Kumarakom… Kumarakom is very small village of Kerala but it is very popular tourist destination of the world because of it’s beauty, Backwaters and Houseboats. Tourists can visit plenty of beautiful places in Kumarakom and can enjoy the beauty of the nature. Hers is the main Attractions Sightseeing options in Kumarakom. Kumarakom is the best place in Kerala to experience a village life. 1 or 2 hrs in country boat ride through the small canals, a sun set cruise in the Vembanad Lake, Visit the Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary, a visit with a local fisherman in the early morning, etc are the best options available in Kumarakom, which you will not get in any other destinations in Kerala. Kumarakom is very popular tourist destination and it is located near the city Kottayam – Kerala. Fishing, Agriculture and Tourism is the main source of Kumarakom economy so Kumarakom already improve it’s basic needs over the last few years. Tourists can easily get the below information in local Kumarakom village. Learn more about Kumarakom local information.   Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
