https://www.keralatourism.org/ecotourism/trekking-programs/periyar-programme/30
    Saddled in the southern region of the Western Ghats, spread across an area of 777 sq. km of forest land and home to a luxuriant collection of different species of flora and fauna is the Periyar Tiger Reserve. This spectacular stretch of greenery gets its name from the River Periyar which has its origin deep inside the reserve. The reserve also offers a host of eco-tourism programmes to the travellers. 

For centuries, Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary in Thekkady has been host to the most exquisite flora and fauna in the country and nature lovers throng to it in great numbers. Famous for its rustic and refreshing climate along with a bird's eye view of a multitude of life forms, it is among the best tourist spots in God's Own Country.

Eco-tourism forms an integral part of the ethos of Periyar.     This memorable day-long rafting cum trekking programme through the pristine waters and the riches forest of Periyar Tiger Reserve. Visitors can also get an opportunity to sight wildlife as close quarters. A maximum of 5 visitors can go in a single raft and there are 3 rafts available per, all of them plying simultaneously. The package is available in two slots – Full day and Half day. 
Reporting time - 7.45 am  Full day 
 Rs. 2400/- per person (for a group of minimum of four, maximum of six)
Rs. 4800/- per trek
Half day
Rs. 1800/- per person (for a group of minimum of four, maximum of six)
Rs. 3600/- per trek
Ticket rates do not include Entrance fees Periyar Tiger Reserve is a model worldwide for the harmonious co-existence between indigenous tribal communities and the forests. There are six tribal communities nestled inside the reserve such as Mannans, Paliyans, Malayarayans, Mala Pandarams, Uralis and Ulladans. The tribal art performance provides an exclusive opportunity to witness the rich cultural heritage of Paliyan's and Mannans' tribal dances. This one-hour tribal dance performance also includes a brief introduction to the tribal communities, information on various musical instruments and costumes used for the ance performance as well as a memorable photo session with these tribal communities. It is a part of community based eco-tourism programmes at Periyar.   Timing: 06.00 Pm to 07.00 pm 
Venue: Vanasree Auditorium, Anavachal This trekking package provides one with a unique opportunity for watching birds, butterflies and the impressive wildlife of the Tiger Reserve. The Walk comprises of a host of trails traversing through a mosaic of habitats of the reserve. A walk through the trail which winds its way through the incredible landscape comprising of moist deciduous and evergreen forests interspersed with marshy grasslands offers a rare opportunity to witness the many splendours of nature.  This guided trekking programme which lasts for two-and-half hours and traverses a distance of 4-5 km is offered in six time slots. 
Time slots: 07.00 AM, 07.30AM, 10.00 AM, 10.30 AM, 02.00 PM and 02.30 PM Rs. 350/- per person (for a group of minimum of four, maximum of six)
Rs. 1400/- per trek
Ticket rates do not include Entrance fees It is an interpretive sandal protection trekking programme offering excellent opportunity to observe birds, butterflies and other wildlife through a range of habitats during the 4-5 km 3-hours walk. These programme are offered between 7 am to 3 pm in different nature trails inside the Park. A maximum of 5 persons can go for trekking at a time along each trail accompanied by a trained tribal guide. It is a programme where one can feel nature’s whispers and her sighs!
Time slots: 07.00 AM, 07.30AM, 10.00 AM, 10.30 AM, 02.00 PM and 02.30 PM  Rs. 350/- per person (for a group of minimum of four, maximum of six)
Rs. 1400/- per trek
Ticket rates do not include Entrance fees This eco-tourism package is a regular guided night trekking programme in the periphery of the eco-development zone of the Tiger Reserve. Along with the company of armed guards, this programme starts at 19.00 hrs and ends at 04.00 hrs. Explore the serene stretch at night and it lets one immerse in the grandeur of the woods at night. Rs. 1200/- per person (Minimum Rs. 2400/- per trip) This is a day-long hiking programme within the Periyar Tiger Reserve. The undulating terrains and altitudinal hiking of 900 m to 1300 m will give you the glimpse of the lofty slopes bordering the region. Gaur, sloth bear and elephants are often sighted apart from birds and butterflies from here. This programme is open to a maximum of 10 tourists in 2 different groups. The trekkers along with two guides participate in the programme which starts at 08.00 hrs and ends in the evening. The package includes food also. 
Timing: From 08.00 AM to 05.00 PM  Rs. 1800/- per person  (Two groups each with six persons) 
Rs. 3600/- per trip
Ticket rates do not include Entrance fees    Embark on the trail of the majestic cat in the Tiger Trail package, a trekking and camping programme where you can also stay inside your tent, and listen to the drama of the wilderness in solitude.  This guided trekking that traverses a distance of 20 to 35 km lets one observe the wildlife and sometimes even rewards the traveller with chance sightings of the tiger. En route one may be treated to vegetarian meals and can later camp in the tents inside the forest. This package is available in two slots, one is one night and two days (1N/2D) and the other is two nights and three days (2N/3D). It is conducted twice in a week and prior booking is needed. A group may include a maximum of six persons. 
Timing: Starts from 09.00 AM Rate for 1N/2D
Rs. 6000/- per person (Minimum Rs. 9000/- per camp)
Rate for 2N/3D
Rs. 8400/- per person (Minimum Rs. 12000/- per camp)
Ticket rates do not include Entrance fees.  The stay over programme provides eco-lodge accommodations inside bamboo thickets. 15 bamboo huts with double-bedded occupancy with hygienic and modern furnishing are available. The package includes an orientation programme, a visit to a tribal colony, wildlife film shows, bird watching, trekking and a complimentary boat ride on Periyar Lake. Lunch, dinner and breakfast are included in the package The package excludes children of below 12 years.  Rs. 4000/- per cottage 
Rs. 1200/- for extra person  The watchtowers of Periyar offer one a brilliant visual of the entire place. A stay gives you a panoramic view of the entire area, watching the inhabitants of this ancient site going about their day to day activities. The forest cottage at Kokkara, about an hour's walk from the Forest Checkpost, is a great way for visitors to enjoy the stillness and glory of an entire sanctuary from the sky. Tea, snacks, and dinner are included in the package.
Check-in: 03.00 P.M. and Check-out: 09.00 AM Rs. 2000/- (Two persons per night) Experience the forest of Periyar in all its beauty at a wonder campsite overlooking the Periyar River at Periyar Tiger Reserve. This unique camping will let you enjoy the thrill in the adventure of living in tents. Birdwatching, Gavi safari and optional boat ride on Periyar Lake are included in the package. The tented accommodation (2 Pax),  meals and other activities are the highlights of this package.  Check-in & Check-out 3.00 pm & 2.00 pm Rs. 5000/- (Two persons per night)  
         Assistant Field Director 
Periyar Tiger Reserve
Thekkady, Kerala -685 536
Ph: 91-4869-222027, 224571
Mob: 08547603066
www.periyartigerreserve.org 
    By Road: Thekkady is the nearest Town 
By Rail:   110 km from Kottayam Railway Station 
By Air:  190Kms from Cochin International Airport  DISCLAIMER :  Since the availability of Eco Tourism Packages are subject to change based on climate and other conditions, please make sure you confirm its availability beforehand. We will not be held responsible for any inconveniences caused owing to the unavailability of any specific package.   All rights reserved © Kerala Tourism 2019. Copyright | Terms of Use. Developed & Maintained by Invis Multimedia.
