http://www.sreestours.com/kochi-packages-for-cruise-ship-tourist.html
  Passenger cruise ships are visiting Kochi Port and staying in the port from 0600hrs to 1800hrs only. One needs to explore Kochi and nearby places within this time. Though the ship coming at 0600hrs, the passengers used to come out at around 0800hrs and it takes another an hour to have the visa stamped and complete normal procedures. We can say that you are free for a pick up at 0900hrs and till 1700hrs getting a total of 8hrs. Within this 8hrs, you need to complete your one day trip to Kochi and nearby places. Since there is limited time available for cruise ship passengers, below are the best places one can explore during the short trip to Kochi. Fort Kochi: A beautiful small place located outskirts of Kochi city. This is the place where Dutch and Portuguese started their settlement beginning of 16th century when they landed in Kerala for trade. The main attraction of Fort Kochi is the old colonial building, Jew settlement areas, and Jew church, Dutch palace etc. Half day is enough to explore this place. Alleppey: Alleppey, which is also called as Alappuzha, is a coastal district of Kerala. Alleppey becomes famous for many reasons like the beautiful combination of lakes, lagoons, crisscrossed narrow canals, rivers, coconut palms, paddy fields and many more. Vaikom: Vaikom is a small village located between Kochi and Alleppey. Vaikom is famous for the best village experience tour. Apart from the above destination, the guest can choose or customize the tour to include Kochi City tour, Shopping, an ayurvedic massage body treatment etc within this limited time.   Since these tours itinerary, inclusions, exclusions etc are similar, its best advised to check the prices from the shipping company and other online travel agents like Sreestours, compare the same, check reviews of the tour agent, and finally book the same. Please note that Pre Paid Counter does not offer houseboat trip in Alleppey. Compare prices is very necessary so that you need to be aware that you have booked a cheaper trip after comparing all the options available. As we mentioned above, those who do not book any tour package and want to explore Kochi and nearby places, there is a prepaid counter available. They offer sedan ac car and Tuk Tuk for the road journey. Below are the 4 tour packages which offer the prepaid counter.  1. Fort Kochi and Mattancherry Historical Monument Tour. The tour covers below places.   Total cost for Sedan ac taxi – 4 adults – Rs 1200 Total cost for Tuk Tuk (One Cab) – 2 adults – Rs 600 Note :
1. While booking the above trip, travelers should be aware that the Sedan AC Taxi is for 4 passengers including the driver. Therefore, rather than taking a risk, please ask them to provide two cars in case of 4 adults.
2. Tuk-Tuk (we call it as AUTO) – If it’s for a joy ride of 3 – 4 km, we always recommend. Due to bumpy roads and non-comfortable seats, a long drive should be avoided. 2. Tripunithura Hill Palace Museum. This tour only cover Tripunithura Hill Palace Museum. Along with some shopping in the city. Total cost for Sedan ac taxi – 4 adults – Rs 1500
Total cost for Tuk Tuk (One Cab) – 2 adults – Rs 900 3. Kerala History Museum Edappally. This tour only cover Kerala History Museum Edappally. Total cost for Sedan ac taxi – 4 adults – Rs 1500
Total cost for Tuk Tuk (One Cab) – 2 adults – Rs 900 4. Tripunithura Hill Palace Museum & Kerala History Museum Edappally. Combination of both along with little shopping also. Total cost for Sedan ac taxi – 4 adults – Rs 2400
Total cost for Tuk Tuk (One Cab) – 2 adults – Rs 1400 Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
