http://www.sreestours.com/thekkady-hill-station.html
   The hill station of Thekkady is a fascinating and popular holiday destination of Kerala that is located in the Iduki district of Kerala. It is located in the Periyar National Park and has an elevation of 1337 mts. Thekkady is popular due to dense forests and rich plantations of the region along with the distinctive flora and fauna of this destination. Thekkady is thus a perfect adventure as well as family holiday destination. The experience of observing the amazing flora and fauna of this place in a close manner and the sheer joy of observing wild elephants visiting the lake are some memories that you can take back from the Thekkady Wildlife Sanctuary. Thekkady has a host of things that can be enjoyed with family and friends. Many people enjoy hiking with family in the Tiger Reserve. Animal sighting at Periyar National Park and Thekkady Wildlife Sanctuary is also popular with tourists. The locations here are extremely serene and some of them like the tea and spice plantations, the forests etc can be explored while staying in the region. Families can also explore the vegetation through boat rides in the Periyar River and enjoying the waterfalls of the nearby regions and can visit the tea factories too. Other Activities: Thekkady has many restaurants, coffee/tea shops, street food centers, snacks courts, wine and bear parlor etc. While on a trip to Thekkady, it is a great idea to try the local cuisines made from the local spices grown in the region. Both vegetarian and non vegetarian food is easily available. Most public facilities including public toilets, security, police stations and public transportation is readily available in Thekkady as well as in the wildlife sanctuary. Thekkady is a captivating wildlife and vegetation zone and also an interesting hill station. Thekkady is both a serene as well an exciting destination with a range of activities that can be undertaken with family and friends. Staying in the wildlife sanctuary gives an added advantage of being able to explore the flora and fauna closely. Also there are many nearby attractions that also promise a lot of excitement time like cruise boating on the Periyar River, exploring the forests, Tiger sightings and hiking in the Tiger Reserve. Thekkady is also popular due to the Nilgiri Langurs, Sambars, herds of elephants and many such wondrous spotting. Families can also explore the spice and tea plantations and couples who want cozy time can spend quality time amidst nature. Here are some of the top places to visit while at Thekkady: Thekkady has an extremely pleasant throughout the year and thus it can be visited in the winter months from November till February as well as during monsoon when the flora of the region is in its best form. The temperature ranges from 19 degrees to 35 degrees. Thekkady does not have an airport of its own and the nearest airport is the Madurai International airport, 136kms away from here. From there, a taxi can be hired to Thekkady. The nearest railway station from Thekkady is the Kottayam station at a distance of 114kms from Thekkady and the rest of the distance is to be travelled by road.   Many government run buses ply from almost all major towns like Cochin and Trivandrum to Thekkady. You can also drive through the countryside from Cochin to Thekkady which can be quite an experience.  Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
