http://www.sreestours.com/kerala-tour-package-from-durg.html
   This article is being published by SreesTours, a leading online travel agent located in Kumarakom, Kerala. Kerala is a beautiful Indian state in South India and known as a God’s own country. It is one of the most visited and awesome place to travel in India. Kerala have some of most popular tourist destinations such as hill stations, backwaters, houseboats, wild-life sanctuaries, waterfalls, stunning beaches and many more. Kerala is paradise place for nature lovers and also enjoyable place to make holidays trip with friends & family. Kerala can be accessed by train or flight from Durg . The nearest airport is Raipur which is 55 kms away from Durg.  There is no direct flight from Raipur Airport to Kochi (Cochi) Airport.  All the flights are via Mumbai /Delh/Kolkotha / Bangalore.  It takes approx 12 – 18 hrs to reach Kochi by flight. Details of web sites offer cheapest prices. #1: Make My Trip: You can book your domestic flight tickets at lowest fare with Makemytrip.com, They also offer best deals on hotels booking from their official website. #2: Goibibo.com: Goibibo is a fastest growing online travel portal in Asia. They offer hotels & flight booking services at high discounted price. Book your domestic flight from their official website and get RS. 800 off on your booking. They also provide various promocode to get best deals on flight booking. It takes almost 35 – 36 hrs to reach by train to Kerala.  The station to board is Durg (DURG) and the station to reach is Ernakulam (ERS)  in Kerala.   Departure boarding station is depending upon the destination covered  and tour packages selected.  For example in case destination covered only Munnar, Thekkedy, Kumarakom and Alleppey, arrival and departure should be Ernakulam (ERS).  In case the guest want to visit Verkala Beach, Trivandrum, Kovalam Beach with Kanyakumari visit, arrival should be at Ernakulam rly station and departure should be from Trivandrum (TVC) Rly station.  There is one more rly station called Kochuveli (KCVL) which is located 5 kms from Trivandrum city. While selecting places of visit in Kerala, we can divide Kerala in to four main destinations.  Here is the list of them.   Apart from above destinations, those who look for famous temple tour – Guruvayur Temple, Sri Padmanabha temple,  Sabarimala Ayyappa temple etc can be covered within the Kerala Tour. There are number of activities which makes an unforgettable experience for the guest during their visit to Kerala.  Some of them are given below. While planning Kerala Tour package, two options of packages is available according to days available with tourist. In case the tourist has more days some of the destination located near to Kerala can also be covered.  These destinations are below:- #1: Kodaikanal:  Kodaikanal can be reached from Munnar.  It takes almost 7 hrs drive from Munnar to Kodaikanal.  Minimum 2 days required to cover Kodaikanal.  After Kodaikanal, the guest can travel to Thekkedy (Periyar) which is 6 hrs drive from Kodaikanal. #2: Rameswaram:  In case Rameswaram needs to be covered, one need to extend two more days and can travel from Trivandrum or Kanyakumari.   The nearest rly station is Rameswaram or Madurai from where one can get train to Durg via Chennai. Booking of the tour package with SreesTours is very simple.  Once the hotel are selected,  we need 25% advance.  You can send this payment by credit card, payment gateway, online transfer etc.  A receipt and hotel confirmation voucher will be issued very next day.  One day prior arrival, we will call and give message regarding the drivers.  Balance payment is collected on the 5th day of the trip.  These procedures are very simple and since balance payment is being collected almost at the end of the trip, the package is fully secured. Arrival and Departure : Ernakulam Rly Station. Departure early morning at 00:35 Hrs. Durg to Ernakulum by Train No 22647.  Overnight in Train. Arrival Ernakulam at 12:25 Hrs.  Meet, receive and transfer to Munnar. Enroute visit  Valera water falls, Karadippara View Point &  Kallar Falls. Check in resort. Half day sightseeing of Munnar. Rajamalai and Eravikulam national park. After breakfast Munnar sightseeing. Visiting  Mattupetti Dam, Echo Point, Kundala Lake, International blossom Park, Pothenmedu sunset view, Tea museum etc. Other Attractions:  After break fast transfer to Thekkady.  On the way visit  Lockhart Gap View and tea plantation. Check in at Hotel. Afternoon Kathakali and Kalaripayattu (these are traditional art forms of Kerala.  Entry per person @ 250 per show). Options & Activities: Check in Houseboat at 12:00 Hrs. Cruise and sightseeing.  Cruise through vembanadu lake.  Visit R Block and C Block where paddy cultivated below sea level.  Cruise through canals of Alleppey.  The boat can stop some of the places and you can walk in the village to see and experience the village life – the best way to experience Alleppey backwaters in Houseboat.  Lunch, evening snacks, dinner and breakfast will be provided. Options and Activities: Check out from Houseboat and proceed to Kochi. Half day Kochi sightseeing and shopping. Visit Fort Kochi, Chinese fishing nets, Jewish synagogue, mattancherry palace(dutch palace), Marine drive etc and over night stay at hotel. Options. (cost not included) 2 Hrs sun set cruise at Kochi in Sagara Rani Mini ship. Transfer to Ernakulam rly station.  Departure by Train No 22816 at 08:30 Hrs. Arrival Durg at 18:30 Hrs Service Tax : 4.5% extra
Above cost does not inclusive of Train Tickets. Validity : Above is applicable from 01 Oct to 31 Mar.  Not applicable from 20 Dec to 10 Jan. Book Now  Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
