http://www.sreestours.com/kerala-tour-package-from-hyderabad.html
   This article is being published by SreesTours, a leading online travel agent located in Kumarakom, Kerala.  Kerala is one of the most popular and visited tourist destinations in India. It is located on the Malabar Coast. Kerala is known as a God’s own country where you can see natural beauties of Kerala such as hill stations, awesome beaches, amazing waterfalls, lovely backwaters & wildlife national parks. Kerala can be accessed by train or flight from Hyderabad. Kerala have three main airports.  Kochi (Cochin), Trivandrum and Calicut (Kozikode).   You can decide which airport you need to come and return as per the package you choose in Kerala. #1: Arrival and Departure at Kochi (Cochin) Airport:  This airport is useful for those taking short duration package or destination near to Kochi like Munnar, Thekkedy, Kumarakom, Alleppey etc. #2: Arrival and Departure at Trivandrum Airport:  Trivandrum airport is located near to Kovalam, Kanyakumari, Verkala etc.  Those who are visiting only these places can take a return flight from Trivandrum. #3: Calicut Airport: Calicut airport is located north of Kerala and those who coming to Wayanad, Calicut airport is the nearest airport. Note: Those who visit Kerala for a longer duration which covers all the destinations like Kochi, Munnar, Thekkedy, Alleppey, Kovalam, Trivandrum, Kanyakumari etc, they should choose to come at Kochi (COK) and departure back from Trivandrum (TVM). There is only one direct train available from Hyderabad to Kerala and back. It takes almost 13 hrs to reach by train to Kerala.  The station to board is HYDERABAD (HYD)  and the station to reach is Ernakulam (ERS)  in Kerala. #1: Arrival and Departure from Ernakulum Rly station:  Ernakulum rly station is useful for those taking short duration package or destination near to Kochi like Munnar, Thekkedy, Kumarakom, Alleppey etc. #2: Trivandrum  or Kochuveli Rly Station:  Trivandrum or Kochuveli rly station is near to Kovalam, Kanyakumari, Verkala etc.  Those who coming to visit these places can take a return train from Trivandrum rly station. Note: Those who visit Kerala for a longer duration which covers all the destinations like Munnar, Thekkedy, Alleppey, Kovalam, Trivandrum, Kanyakumari etc, they should choose arrival at Ernakulam rly station and departure back from Trivandrum/ Kochuveli rly station. While selecting places of visit in Kerala, we can divide Kerala in to four main destinations.  Here is the list of them.   Apart from above destinations, those who look for famous temple tour – Guruvayur Temple, Sri Padmanabha temple, Sabarimala Ayyappa temple etc can be covered within the Kerala Tour. There are number of activities which makes an unforgettable experience for the guest during their visit to Kerala.  Some of them are given below. While planning Kerala Tour package, two options of packages is available according to days available with tourist. In case the tourist has more days some of the destination located near to Kerala can also be covered.  These destinations are below:- #1: Wayand (Vythiri): One of the most beautiful hill stations and wild life sanctuaries in Kerala, is located north of Kerala. Since it is too far off from Kochi, Wayanad cannot be included in short trips which cover Munnar and Kumarakom. To visit Wayanad, Calicut is the nearest airport or Rly station. #2: Kodaikanal:  Kodaikanal can be reached from Munnar or Coimbatore.  It takes almost 7 hrs drive from Munnar/Coimbatore to Kodaikanal. Minimum 2 days required to cover Kodaikanal. After Kodaikanal, the guest can travel to Thekkedy (Periyar) which is 6 hrs drive from Kodaikanal. #3: Rameswaram: In case Rameswaram needs to be covered, one need to extend two more days and can travel from Trivandrum or Kanyakumari. The nearest rly station is Rameswaram or Madurai from where one can get train to Mumbai. Booking of the tour package with SreesTours is very simple. Once the hotel are selected,  we need 25% advance. You can send this payment by credit card, payment gateway, online transfer etc. A receipt and hotel confirmation voucher will be issued very next day. One day prior arrival, we will call and give message regarding the taxi drivers. Balance payment is collected on the 5th day of the trip. These procedures are very simple and since balance payment is being collected almost at the end of the trip, the package is fully secured. Hyderabad to Ernakulum by Train No 17230. Departure Hyderabad at 11: 25hrs  Overnight in Train. Arrival at Kochi, meet, receive and transfer to Munnar.  Enroute visit  Valera water falls, Karadippara View Point &  Kallar Falls. Check in resort. Leisure at resort. Munnar sightseeing. Visiting  Mattupetti Dam, Echo Point, Kundala Lake, International blossom Park, Pothenmedu sunset view, Tea museum etc. Proceed to Alleppey. Check in Houseboat at 12:00 hrs. Cruise and sightseeing. Visit Aleppey Backwaters, villages, canals, Islands etc. The boat can stop some of the places and you can walk in the village to see and experience the village life – the best way to experience Alleppey backwaters in Houseboat. Lunch, evening snacks, dinner and breakfast will be provided. Options & Activities: After breakfast departure for Kochi.  Visit  Fort Kochi.  Jewish Synagogue, Dutch Palace, Chinese Fish Nets etc Visit Marine Drive. Shopping at Kochi and drop at Kochi Airport/Rly station.  Tour ends. Service Tax : 4.5% extra
Above cost does not inclusive of Train Tickets. Validity : Above is applicable from 01 Oct to 31 Mar.  Not applicable from 20 Dec to 10 Jan. Book Now  Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
