http://www.sreestours.com/kerala-tour-itinerary-from-nasik.html
   This article is being published by SreesTours, a leading online travel agent located in Kumarakom, Kerala. Kerala is a south Indian state located nearly Arabian Sea shoreline. It is famous for its nature and culture. Kerala is a most popular destination for unique houseboat experience on Kerala backwaters. Kerala is a home of Ayurveda and wild life animals like elephants, tigers and many more. Want to Know More about Kerala tourism – please go here. Kerala can be accessed by train or flight from Nasik . The nearest airport is Mumbai which is 3 hrs away by road from Nasik.  Details of web sites offer cheapest prices. #1: Cleartrip.com: You can book your domestic flight tickets and also find best deals on air ticket bookings at their official website. #2: Goair.in: GoAir is the emerging Indian Airlines company and they offer domestic flights tickets at highly discounted price. There is only one direct train available from Nasik to Kerala and back. It takes almost 29 – 30 hrs to reach by train to Kerala.  The station to board is Nasik(NK)  and the station to reach is Ernakulam (ERS)  in Kerala.   Departure boarding station is depending upon the destination covered and tour packages selected.  For example in case destination covered only Munnar, Thekkedy, Kumarakom and Alleppey, arrival and departure should be Ernakulam (ERS).  In case  want to visit Verkala Beach, Trivandrum, Kovalam Beach with Kanyakumari visit, arrival should be at Ernakulam rly station and departure should be from Trivandrum (TVC) Rly station.  There is one more rly station called KOCHUVELI (KCVL) which is located 5 kms from Trivandrum city. While selecting places of visit in Kerala, we can divide Kerala in to four main destinations. Those destination are hill stations, wild life sanctuaries, backwaters and beaches.   Apart from above destinations, those who look for famous temple tour – Guruvayur Temple, Sri Padmanabha temple, Sabarimala Ayyappa temple etc can be covered within the Kerala Tour. While planning Kerala Tour package, two options of packages is available according to number of days available with tourist. In case the tourist has more days, some of the destination located near to Kerala can also be covered.  These destinations are below:- Booking of the Kerala tour package with Srees Tours is very simple.  Once the hotels  options are given,  we need 25% advance.  You can send this payment by cr card, payment gateway, online transfer etc.  A receipt and hotel confirmation voucher will be issued very next day.  One day prior arrival, we will call and give message regarding the drivers.  Balance payment is collected during the trip.  These procedures are very simple and since balance payment is being collected almost at the end of the trip, the package is fully secured.   Those who need assistance for this tour package at Nasik, Please call Mr Anish. Mr. Anish Soman, # 148, Narayan Nagar,
Rasbihari meri link road
Panchavati
9130003053
8605400928 Arrival and Departure : Ernakulam Rly Station. Departure early morning at 05:20 Hrs. Nasik to Ernakulum by Train No 12618.  Overnight in Train. Meet, receive and transfer to Munnar. Arrival at Kochi, meet, receive and transfer to Munnar.  Enroute visit  Valera water falls, Karadippara View Point &  Kallar Falls. Check in resort. Half day sightseeing of Munnar. Rajamalai and Eravikulam national park. After breakfast Munnar sightseeing. Visiting  Mattupetti Dam, Echo Point, Kundala Lake, International blossom Park, Pothenmedu sunset view, Tea museum etc. Other Attractions: After break fast transfer to Thekkady.  On the way visit  Lockhart Gap View and tea plantation. Check in at Hotel. Afternoon Kathakali and Kalaripayattu (these are traditional art forms of Kerala.  Entry per person @ 250 per show). Options & Activities: Proceed to Houseboat.  Check in Houseboat at 12:00 Hrs. Cruise and sightseeing.  Visit Alleppey Backwaters, villages, canals, Islands etc.  The boat can stop some of the places and you can walk in the village to see and experience the village life – the best way to experience Alleppey backwaters in Houseboat.  Lunch, evening snacks, dinner and breakfast will be provided. Options and Activities: Check out from Houseboat at 8 A.M.,  departure for Ernakulam rly station.  Departure by Train No 12617 and overnight in Train. Arrival Nasik at 17:17 Hrs. Service Tax : 4.5% extra
Train ticket charges not included in the above price. Validity : Valid from 01 Oct to 15 Dec and 15 Jan to 31 Mar. Extra Person / Bed Charges:
Extra Person with Extra bed – @ Rs 500 – 700 per person per night. The train suitable for this package is below. From Nasik to Ernakulum. Train No 12618 Mangala Exp from Nasik is the most suitable train. It takes approx 30 hrs – departure from Nasik at 05:20 and arrival Ernakulam at 12:00 hrs. Departure back from Kerala – After the trip, the nearest Rly station is Trivandrum. Since there is no direct train service from Trivandrum to Nasik, best suitable train is Netravati exp starting from Trivandrum till Mumbai. Programme: By train no 12618 Mangala Exp dep at 05:20 hrs. Arrival at Kochi, meet, receive and transfer to Munnar. Enroute visit  Valera water falls, Karadippara View Point &  Kallar Falls. Check in resort. Overnight stay in resort. Sightseeing of Munnar. Rajamalai and Eravikulam national park. Mattupetti Dam, Echo Point, Kundala Lake, International blossom Park, Pothenmedu sunset view-, Tea museum etc. Note: Water falls generally not available from Mar to Jun due to summer. Other Attractions in Munnar:  After break fast transfer to Thekkady.  On the way visit  Lockhart Gap View and tea plantation. Check in at Hotel. Afternoon Kathakali and Kalaripayattu (these are traditional art forms of Kerala.  Entry per person @ 250 per show). Options & Activities: Check in Houseboat at 12:00 hrs. Cruise and sightseeing.  Cruise through vembanadu lake.  Visit R Block and C Block where paddy cultivated below sea level.  Cruise through canals of Alleppey.  The boat can stop some of the places and you can walk in the village to see and experience the village life – the best way to experience Alleppey backwaters in Houseboat.  Lunch, evening snacks, dinner and breakfast will be provided. Options and Activities: Early check out at 08:00 hrs and proceed to Kanyakumari. On the way visit Suchindram Temple.  The famous Hanuman temple. Arrival Kanyakumari by 17:00 hrs.  Evening sun set at sunset point.  Visit Kanyakumari temple at 18:30 hrs for Aarati.  Overnight in Kanyakumari. Early morning sun rise at sunrise point. 08:00 hrs boat to Vivekananda rock.  Visit Thiruvalluvur statue, temple etc.  Return to Hotel by 10:00 hrs and proceed to Kovalam. During the season, the boat is always packed and needs to stand on queue for more than an hour to get tickets. Check out and proceed to Kovalam.   Evening visit Kovalam beach, light house beach etc. Overnight stay in Trivandrum. Trivandrum sightseeing.  Visit Kuthiramalika palace, veli tourist village, museum, Sri Padmanabha swamy temple. (gents needs dothi – no jeans permitted). Padmanabha Swamy temple – Open at 4 A.M and darshan available till 11 A.M. Evening it open at 4 P.M and darshan available till 8 P.M. Pants, Jeans, Bermuda etc are not allowed inside. Gents should wear Dhoti and ladies saree / churidar.  In case of churidar, Dhoti needs to wear over the churidar. Dhoti available in front the temple shop for Rs 40 per piece onwards. Small wallet, camera, mob phone, bags etc are not allowed inside the temple. Drop at Trivandrum airport/rly station.  Tour ends. Service Tax : 4.5% extra
Train ticket charges not included in the above price. Validity : Valid from 01 Oct to 15 Dec and 15 Jan to 31 Mar. Total Extra Charges : Extra person with Extra bed – Rs 3000 Total Child Charges:  Book Now  Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
