http://www.sreestours.com/kerala-tour-package-tirupati.html
   This article is being published by Srees Tours, a leading local online travel agent located in Kumarakom, Kerala for those who are looking for Kerala tour package from Tirupati.  As we all know Tirupati is known for famous Shri Balaji temple, this article is meant for those planning their Kerala trip before or after Shri Balaji temple visit and also for those who want to visit Kerala from Tirupati. Want to Know More about Srees Tours – here you go. Kerala can be accessed by train or flight from Tirupati. There is no direct flight from Tirupati Airport to Kochi (Cochin) Airport.  All the flights are via Hyderabad or Bangalore/Delhi.  Most flights take 10 Hrs to reach Kochi airport.   Those who are looking at flight only option, Chennai to Kochi airport is another option. Tirupati to Chennai airport by road take 3.5 Hrs drive and there are many cheap flights available from Chennai to Kochi frequently. Those who are looking for a train journey to Kerala have many options available. It takes almost 12 to 13 Hrs to reach by train to Kerala. The Railway station to board from Tirupati is called Tirupati(TPTY) and the station to reach is Ernakulum (ERS/ERN)  in Kerala.  There are two rly stations available in Ernakulam.  Ernakulam South (ERS) and Ernakulam North (ERN).  Both these rly stations are nearby and tourist can choose any rly station as their arrival. Below is the schedule of the trains available from Tirupati to Ernakulam Rly station. Apart from direct train access to Kerala, there are many trains starting from Chennai in the evening and reaching Ernakulam by morning.   Flight or train tickets should be booked only after the tourist decides which the destination he is visiting. Just for example, if a guest wants to visit Guruvayur temple, Munnar, Thekkedy, Alleppey / Kumarakom, Houseboat – the arrival and departure should be from Ernakulam Rly station or Kochi airport. If the trip covering Trivandrum, Kovalam, Kanyakumari etc, it is always better to depart from Trivandrum airport or Kochuveli Rly station or Trivandrum Rly Station. Otherwise, after visiting Trivandrum / Kovalam, it takes approximately 7 Hrs by road to reach Kochi airport. One can log on to Indianrail.gov.in for booking tickets. The reservation of seats for all classes starts 120 days prior. Most of these trains are over booked during season (Oct to Mar) and holidays therefore need an advance booking required for a comfortable journey. Foreign nationals who are looking for short notice travel have a couple of options available. The first one is a couple of seats available for foreign nationals in each rly stations. To avail this facility, one can approach Reservation Manager at respective rly station. Second option is reservation tickets available through Tatkal. This is available for all citizens of India and foreigners also. It starts at 10 A.M. one day prior and this facility is available from the reservation counter of each rly station and also through the web site mentioned above. The best suited travel class in train for foreigners is 2A or 3A which is completely air-conditioned. SL is non air-conditioned sleeper class which very cheaper. While selecting places of visit in Kerala, we can divide Kerala in to four main destinations.  Hill stations, Wild life sanctuaries, Backwaters and Beaches. Hill Stations: Most attractive hill station in Kerala is Munnar. Other hill stations are Wayanad, Ponmudi, Gavi etc. Wild life sanctuaries: Thekkady (Periyar) wild life sanctuary is the most famous and easily accessed wild life sanctuary for the tourists who visit Kerala as it’s located between Munnar and Alleppey and close to Kochi also.  Backwaters and Houseboat: Main attraction of Kerala tourism is the houseboats which is located in Kumarakom and Alleppey.  Beaches of Kerala: Most attractive and famous Beach of Kerala is Kovalam. Apart from Kovalam, Cherai, Marari, Poovar, Alleppey etc are other beaches of Kerala. Visiting Famous Temples in Kerala while on Tour: Apart from above destinations, those who look for famous temple tour like – Guruvayur Temple, Sri Padmanabha Swamy temple, Sabarimala Ayyappa temple, Chottanikkara Bhagwati Amman temple etc can be included within the Kerala Tour. There are number of activities which makes an unforgettable experience for the guest during their visit to Kerala.  Some of them are given below. While planning Kerala Tour package, two options of packages is available according to days available with tourist. Kochi to Kochi round package covering Munnar, Thekkady, Kumarakom, Alleppey and Kochi. Minimum 5 days is required to cover this programme. This package does not cover other destination like Kovalam, Trivandrum and Kanyakumari. Kochi to Trivandrum covering Munnar, Thekkady, Kumarakom, Alleppey, Kovalam, Kanyakumari and Trivandrum. Minimum 7 days required to cover this package. In case the tourist has more days some of the destination located near to Kerala can also be covered. These destinations are below:- #1 – Kodaikanal:- Kodaikanal can be reached from Munnar. It takes almost 7hrs drive from Munnar to Kodaikanal. Minimum 2 days required to cover Kodaikanal. After Kodaikanal, the guest can travel to Thekkedy (Periyar) which is 6hrs drive from Kodaikanal. #2 – Rameswaram:- In case Rameswaram needs to be covered, one needs to extend two more days and can travel from Trivandrum or Kanyakumari. The nearest rly station is Rameswaram or Madurai from where one can get train to Tirupati via Chennai. Booking of the tour & travel package with Srees Tours is very simple. Once the hotels options are given, we need 25% advances. You can send this payment by credit card, payment gateway, online transfer etc. A receipt and hotel confirmation voucher will be issued very next day. One day prior arrival, we will call and give message regarding the drivers. Balance payment is collected on arrival or during the trip. These procedures are very simple and since balance payment is being collected almost at the end of the trip, the package is fully secured.   Destination Covered in this Tour Package: Arrival by afternoon at Kochi airport or meet, receive and transfer to Guruvayur. Overnight stay in Guruvayur. 4 A.M. – Early morning visit Guruvayur temple. Vakachartu – vary auspicious to have darshan 09:00 Hrs B/F and proceed to Munnar. Dress code:– Certain dress code is applicable for entry. Gents only dhoti, pants or burmuda pants are not allowed. Wearing shirt/tea shirt/banyan etc not allowed. Ladies – Churidar and saree is allowed. Thursday, Darshan timing starts at early 3.30 A.M. till 12 P.M. and 4 P.M. to 8 P.M.  There will be heavy rush on Sunday, 1st of all Malayalam calendar months, (1st day of Malayalam month falls any of 14th, 15th or 16th of English month) and some of the special pooja days. One needs to stand on the queue for a minimum 1 Hr and during the rush days, it may go upto 3 to 4 Hrs. Old aged and handicapped persons have special entry available)  Flowers, agarbati, or any pooja items will not be allowed taken inside the sanctum sanctuary) Enroute visit Valera waterfalls, Karadippara View Point &  Kallar Falls. Check in resort. Half day sightseeing of Tea Museum, Munnar city, Pothenmedu sun set view etc. After breakfast Munnar sightseeing. Visiting Mattupetti Dam, Echo Point, Kundala Lake, International blossom Park, Pothenmedu sunset view, Tea museum etc. Half day sightseeing of Munnar. Rajamalai and Eravikulam national park. Other Attractions : After breakfast transfer to Thekkady.  On the way visit Lockhart Gap View and tea Plantation. Check in at Hotel. Afternoon Kathakali and Kalaripayattu (these are traditional art forms of Kerala.  Entry per person @ 250 per show).  Options & Activities: Check in Houseboat at 12:00 Hrs. Cruise and sightseeing. Cruise through Vembanadu lake. Visit R Block and C Block where paddy cultivated below sea level. Cruise through canals of Alleppey. The boat can stop some of the places and you can walk in the village to see and experience the village life – the best way to experience Alleppey backwaters in Houseboat. Lunch, evening snacks, dinner and breakfast will be provided. Options and Activities Note: Jewish synagogue will be closed on Friday and Saturday. Service Tax : 9% extra Book Now  Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
