https://www.keralatourism.org/things-to-do-in-kerala
  Let the lazy backwaters set pace to your day and village folksongs croon to your heart. Let the clarion call of the jungles awaken the wilderness in you. Bathe elephants. Discover remote festivals that leave imprints on your soul. Take your taste buds on rides through flavours they never dreamt existed. Camp in the woods lying awake listening to the symphony of Nature at night and early in the morning let the mountain mists awake you with whispered tales of long forgotten travellers... Explore the ecotourism possibilities of Kerala developed by Kerala Forest Department with the active support and involvement of the local community. To know the details follow the link www.keralatourism.org/ecotourism Energies your cells and rejuvenate your body and mind through Ayurvedic and Panchakarma treatments... Click here to contact the practitioners and for Ayurvedic packages. A blissful experience through the placid backwaters of Kerala… To get the details of Houseboats and pre book your cruise, do contact the concerned DTPC's or contact directly to the Accredited Houseboat operators. A symphony composed on the strings of beauty and a land endowed with a myriad of boons and bounties, the rural life in Kerala, untouched by the mighty hands of industrialization and much of the repulsive transformation of urban sophistication, offers a taste of delight to travellers. For more click here. Festivals are true celebrations in God's Own Country; occasions when grandeur prevails over the characteristic simplicity of the Kerala lifestyle. Most of this happens in the remote areas and the festival date may change in accordance with local customs and traditions. To arrange your trip accordingly, you may organize it with the help of tour operators Sadya is an elaborate mouth-watering feast of Kerala, usually served on a banana leaf with the number of side dishes ranging from 16 to 60. When you are in Kerala, if you wish to taste it, please contact your tour operators and experience a delicious Sadya!  
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
