http://www.sreestours.com/tea-plantation-and-grass-land-trekking-in-munnar.html
   If you wish to revel in the true spirit of adventure at a stunning and beautiful spot then go no further than Munnar, a sprawling hill station in Kerala. This is a wonderful mountainous spot that has some eye-catching spots to trek in. The place promises the most glorious views amidst a variety of locations of Kerala and will also ensure the adrenaline rush that you have been so looking for. Munnar has a few trekking spots that stand out and among these, a popular hill trek in the Lakshmi estate tea plantation and grass land trekking route. The best part about this trek is that it is a perfect amalgamation of natural beauty and adventure.  The Lakshmi Estate Tea Plantation is located about 3 kms from Munnar towards Cochin and provides a great trekking experience to the adventure lovers with the amalgamation of scenic beauty and adrenaline rush. The trek provides a great view of grasslands, tea plantations and also the majestic Munnar city from the top (approx 1800 mts above sea level). The highlight of this trek is the rocky slopes and the grasslands that are witnessed on the way and increase the fun of this experience. There are 2 types of trekking routes in Munnar you can experience in the Lakshmi Tea Estate with varied duration and difficulty levels. Both the treks starts from Hydel Park in Munnar but the main difference is the duration of trekking route:   Here are the details about this trek:    The trek will have a cost per person of Rs. 1200/- and it is inclusive of:   Note This is a shorter trek (about 4 kms) from Hydel Park and is popular among families with small kids as they can’t cover longer trek routes. The tea plantations and the estates are the high point of this trek and thus is a great chance to experience this region in its full bloom.  Here are the details about this trek:   The trek will have a cost per person of Rs. 800/- and it is inclusive of: So, take a break from the hustle-bustle of daily life and come rejoice yourself in the adventurous and natural beauty of Lakshmi Estate Tea Plantation and Grassland.  Submit We would be more than happy to help you. Our team advisor are 24/7 at your service to help you. Book Luxurious Hotels in Kerala.  Get discount on Hotels Booking we are always available 24/7 online.  Srees Tours & Travels  –  Owned by Mr Sreekumar MP, who served the INDIAN ARMY from 1984 to 2004. Posted to Defense Wing of Indian Embassy, Stockholm, Sweden. 111, Sudhir Bhavan,
Near Chakrampady Bus Stop
Chakrampady, North Kumarakom
Kumarakom, Kerala 686563. +91 81294 97390 +91 94477 97564  sreestours@gmail.com   Copyright © 2019 Sree's Tours. All rights reserved
