https://www.keralatourism.org/event/manarcad-perunnal/66
  Start date: 01-09-2019 End date: 08-09-2019 Venue: St. Mary's Church Location: Manarcaud District: Kottayam The Manarcaud Perunnal is signified by eight days of devotion and festivities where thousands of devotees flock in to be part of this grand occasion and remain in the church premises from morning till night. The celebrations mark the annual feast of St Mary's Cathedral at Manarcaud in Kottayam. The highlight of the festival is a spirited procession carrying the sacred golden cross, known as the "Rassa", which is taken out on the final three days of the feast. The devotees participate in the procession holding muthukkuda (decorated parasols). Locally known as ettunoyambu (ettu in local language Malayalam means eight and noyambu means fasting) or Eight Day Lent  the feast sees a huge influx of devotees from near and far arriving to pay their obeisance and observe fasting.  Disclaimer In Kerala, festival dates are decided in accordance with the Malayalam calendar and the local traditions and customs. We have calculated the festival dates based on these. But there can be changes in the dates according the customs and rituals associated with each place of worship. As such, these should be considered only as approximate dates and have to be confirmed with the local authorities. 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
