https://www.keralatourism.org/event/mapranam-church-feast/29
  Start date: 05-09-2019 End date: 21-09-2019 Venue: Holy Cross Shrine, Mapranam Location: Mapranam District: Thrissur A prominent pilgrim centre in Central Kerala, the Holy Cross Shrine at Mapranam in Thrissur is noted for its annual festival- Exaltation of Cross.  Celebrated with much fanfare, Exaltation of Cross is held from September 12 to 15 and octave (8th-day celebration) is on 21 September. The most auspicious day during the festival is on 14 September. The feast is celebrated all over the world on the same day. The historic occasion is celebrated with a host of festivities. Among the major events held here during the festival include the 'Thiritheliyikkel' which involves lighting of huge candles. The grand occasion is celebrated with a vibrant procession and fireworks. Disclaimer In Kerala, festival dates are decided in accordance with the Malayalam calendar and the local traditions and customs. We have calculated the festival dates based on these. But there can be changes in the dates according the customs and rituals associated with each place of worship. As such, these should be considered only as approximate dates and have to be confirmed with the local authorities. 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
