https://www.keralatourism.org/ebrochures
  Saunter around, breathe in the fragrance of spices and discover the magic that made this land a coffer of flavours for centuries. Come, an enticing, lip-smacking experience awaits your taste buds..! Download Set out on a journey of self discovery in the unexplored nooks and crannies of Malabar. Each of these offbeat destinations holds in its bosom mysteries waiting to be untravelled and experiences that are sure to leave you hungry for more. Download An ancient ritualistic form of worship, the folk art Theyyam is a blend of dance, music and fervent devotion. Fiery colours, awe inspiring headgears, costumes and face designs, the rhythm of the chenda, the intense fragrance of the burning camphor and intense passion all combine to offer you an experience worth a lifetime. Download The Queen of the Hills is not a moniker that is given out lightly, but Munnar claimed it seamlessly like a pureblood monarch. This hill destination is today atop every global traveller's bucket list, standing as the ultimate culmination of natural beauty being gently shaped into an international tourist hotbed. Download This is Periyar Tiger Reserve, among the last protected spaces on the planet where people can still get an up close and personal glance at an entire forest go about its day. Download Every single trail you take is sacred, each turn holy to those who have dwelled and been protected by these forests for more than a few millennia. The greenery here defies mortal expectations, but it is the silence of the cicadas that gave the legendary Silent Valley National Park its name. Download Among Southern Kerala’s finest ecotourism sites, Thenmala shines as paves the way towards building a future where man and nature coexist harmoniously and in a mutually beneficial manner. Download In the green haven of Nilambur, where tales of the past are woven in teak, we come across the magnificent Nedumkayam Rainforest, a jewel that we are only
now beginning to truly understand. Download At Aralam Wildlife Sanctuary, it is the sheer rawness of nature that becomes evident with every step, as we are led upwards on its now famous rocky paths. Download There are very few places left on the planet where the ancient laws of nature still prevail. Rather than man, it is these forces that dictate how things are run. Birds and animals tread fearlessly as the plants grow tall and mighty. Download A hidden jewel known only to those who regularly visit Palakkad, Dhoni is one of the hottest picnic destinations in the State and is a fascinating story in itself. A picnicker’s dream come true, the intensive three-hour trek that this place promises you is one of the most refreshing hikes that the entire State has to offer. Download Home of the artisans, base of power, the place where Kerala’s culture and heritage are preserved and displayed at their finest; these and many other phrases have been used to describe Thiruvananthapuram. Download The colours that Ernakulam unites are diverse, the cultures that it represents are vast, but its soul embodies the very essence of God's Own Country. The place has so many ecotourism attractions like
Thattekkad, Mangalavanam, Paniyeli Poru, Kodanad, Abhayaranyam and many more. Download Explore the less-explored life of Kerala with the Responsible Tourism (RT) Mission. The villages of Kerala are powerhouses of artistic skills and unique
craftsmanship. We are ready with our Village Life
Experience packages to bestow you the mystic charms of the sleepy hamlets of God's Own Country. Download 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
