https://www.keralatourism.org/event/payippad-boat-race/39
  Event date: 13-09-2019 Venue: Payippad backwaters Location: Alappuzha District: Alappuzha Legend has it that residents of a remote village were once instructed to approach a whirlpool in a vision. On reaching the location in Kayamkulam Lake, they discovered a beautiful idol of the Hindu deity, Sree Subramanya. Today, among the many boat races that grace the waters across God’s Own Country, the Payippad Boat Race is among the most anticipated. Held on the Payippad River in Alappuzha, it commemorates the installation of the idol at the Subramanya Swamy Temple. It has among the highest volume of boat races in the entire State and is a truly joyous and vibrant event. Disclaimer In Kerala, festival dates are decided in accordance with the Malayalam calendar and the local traditions and customs. We have calculated the festival dates based on these. But there can be changes in the dates according the customs and rituals associated with each place of worship. As such, these should be considered only as approximate dates and have to be confirmed with the local authorities. 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
