https://www.keralatourism.org/event/aranmula-vallamkali/34
  Event date: 15-09-2019 Venue: River Pamba Location: Aranmula District: Pathanamthitta The Aranmula Uthrittathi Vallamkali or Aranmula Boat Race is the most ancient and revered boat races of Kerala. Held on the day of the Uthrittathi asterism in the Malayalam month of Chingam (corresponding to 15 August and 20 September), it is well known for its grandeur and unique history.

Aranmula is a heritage village lies in the banks of the river Pampa in the Pathanamthitta district of Kerala. Legend says that a devout Brahmin promised to provide all the requirements for the Thiruvona Sadya (feast held on the Thiruvonam asterism). These were to be delivered to Aranmula Sree Parthasarathy Temple in a boat called the Thiruvona Thoni. The boat was attacked by enemy factions during its voyage. However, snake boats from the surrounding area came to its rescue and it is from here that the grand tradition of the special snake boat race in the area was born. The snake boat race in itself is an offering to Lord Krishna of Sree Parthasarathy Temple.

The snake boats used for this race are called Palliyodams. The credit for the design is given to Lord Krishna himself, the chief deity at the Aranmula Sree Parthasarathy Temple. He is said to have appeared on these shores on a raft made of six bamboos, giving the village its name – Aranmula or Six Bamboos. Disclaimer In Kerala, festival dates are decided in accordance with the Malayalam calendar and the local traditions and customs. We have calculated the festival dates based on these. But there can be changes in the dates according the customs and rituals associated with each place of worship. As such, these should be considered only as approximate dates and have to be confirmed with the local authorities. 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
