https://www.keralatourism.org/event/vallarpadathamma-feast/95
  Start date: 16-09-2019 End date: 24-09-2019 Venue: Basilica of Our Lady of Ransom Location: Vallarpadam District: Ernakulam Long ago, sometime in 1524, a church christened as the Basilica of Our Lady of Ransom was set up by the Portuguese missionaries at Vallarpadam in Ernakulam. They placed the painting of the Lady of Ransom here and soon many miracles were ascribed to this painting by the local folk. It is here that the Feast of Vallarpadathamma is celebrated with much reverence from 16th to the 24th of September. Every year, this festive occasion is celebrated with much fervour by all the communities and witnesses the participation of a large number of people. This week long celebration is indeed a feast to the eyes and souls of visitors.  Disclaimer In Kerala, festival dates are decided in accordance with the Malayalam calendar and the local traditions and customs. We have calculated the festival dates based on these. But there can be changes in the dates according the customs and rituals associated with each place of worship. As such, these should be considered only as approximate dates and have to be confirmed with the local authorities. 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
