https://www.keralatourism.org/event/neelamperoor-padayani/43
  Event date: 27-09-2019 Venue: Palli Bhagavathi Temple Location: Neelamperoor District: Alappuzha Among the most vibrant sights seen in all of Alappuzha district is the annual Neelamperoor Padayani Festival held at the Neelamperoor Palli Bhagavathy Temple. It falls in the Malayalam month of Chingam (usually August/September) and is among the rarest Padayani displays in all of God’s Own Country. Its uniqueness lies in its special tradition of Kettukazhcha, which is the display of beautifully decorated effigies. One witnesses massive effigies of swans and other legendary characters being brought in, built locally in a procedure known as annamkettu. At night the ambience is set by a colourful procession carrying the effigies of mythological characters like Bhima, Ravana, and Yakshi.The aura and mystique surrounding this site and its traditions have amazed and inspired many for centuries, and it is definitely among the most extraordinary events in the entire district.   Neelamperoor Padayani - A celebration of culture and mythology  Disclaimer In Kerala, festival dates are decided in accordance with the Malayalam calendar and the local traditions and customs. We have calculated the festival dates based on these. But there can be changes in the dates according the customs and rituals associated with each place of worship. As such, these should be considered only as approximate dates and have to be confirmed with the local authorities. 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
