https://www.keralatourism.org/event/
  The festival season, the pride and joy of Kerala, is epitomised by the ferocious beats of the chenda (drums) emanating across the landscape. Elephants march across towns and the rivers surge with massive 100 feet long snake boats in a display that can only be experienced in an area renowned as God's Own Country. The entire State celebrates together as the land is covered in a plethora of lights and merriment.

Our festivals celebrate the traditions passed down by our ancestors. Be it Onam, Eid or Christmas, all of Kerala rejoices with one spirit to bring the entire coastal State to life. From seeing mystical figures come to life during Theyyam performances to strolling across various churches and mosques where the lights and displays are at their best during perunnals and memorials, every nook and cranny of our State has something to offer to each traveller.

Onam is the State festival which is celebrated by every household across the land. According to mythology, Mahabali was an Asura (demon) king who brought about peace and prosperity in the land. He makes his yearly rounds to check on his loyal subjects during the harvest festival of Onam. Malayalis invite him into their houses with aplomb to celebrate his homecoming and show him that the prosperity and contentment of his reign continues even to this day. Onasadya or vegetarian feasts with up to 60 separate dishes that are served are a highlight of this festival.

From religious occasions to festivals for specific deities, Kerala is home to a great heritage of festivals. The festivals of Kerala personify the very spirit and essence of the land and these experiences will be forever etched in your heart.

Browse the Festival Calendar to know more about the festivals, their specialties and dates. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
