https://www.keralatourism.org/visa-requirement/
  International travel can be rather cumbersome with all the paperwork and documentation involved. It may even dissuade travellers from foraying outside their national boundaries. Rest assured, Kerala Tourism alongside the State Government would like to inform you of our Visa on Arrival scheme. The rules of the same are mentioned below to help you prepare in advance for your journey. This has been set up to help you answer that impulse to travel. We don't want anyone missing out on God's Own Country due tounnecessary procedures or trivial details.

Apply for your Visa Online, get the 'Electronic Travel Authorization (ETA)' and fly to Kerala all set to have the time of your life.Tourist Visa on Arrival (T-VoA) enabled with Electronic Travel Authorization (ETA) is available to Foreign Tourists coming to Kerala.

The following are the criterion for eligibility to avail this facility. However for latest updates regarding the same, kindly visit https://indianvisaonline.gov.in/visa/tvoa.htm 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
