https://keralatourdestinations.wordpress.com/tag/kerala-backwaters/
  Kerala is a place of enjoying the natural beauty located on the coast of Arabian Sea. The most striking charisma of this South Indian state is its backwaters, rivers and many more. There are various small water-townships and few islands provide backwater tourism in Kerala. Kerala is enclosed with rivers, sun-kissed beaches, amazing backwaters, prosperous hill stations and amazing wildlife, terrific art forums, which make it superlative tourism destinations. This small south Indian state is having the peak rate of literacy in India. Kerala Tourism and Tourist Places are developed after 1980s. You never get disappointed by selecting Kerala as your tour destination, you can enjoy various things and various range of tours experiences. Kerala tourism used the tag line God’s Own Country not only for its promotions but also the reality that gorgeous most visitors for its gracious and hospitality environment. Kerala Tourism division is becoming one of the world’s top increasing sightseeing destinations in the world. Nowadays, Kerala is a extensive super brand in travel and tourism sector. Kerala offers many amazing charming places that make it the most required tourist destination for domestic and global tourists. A short glance on the wonderful features of Kerala is listed below. Beaches: Kerala has numerous world well-known attractive beaches like Shanghumugham, Varkala Papanasam, Kovalam beach, Chowara, Kochi,  Alleppey and Bekal Beach. The most well-known beaches are Kovalam and Varkala. Hill Stations: Many rich hill stations are represented in Kerala, anyplace you can get the heat during a break. Wayanand, Munnar, Lakkadi Ponmudi, Idukki, Nelliyampathy , Wagamon Malampuzha, , Peermade and Devikulam are most visited hill stations in Kerala. Wild Life: Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary and Eravikulam National Park are the most well-known tourist destination in Kerala having numerous prominent wildlife and forest adventures. You will be pronouncement many attractions like Elephants, Deer, huge teak-wood trees, Lion-tailed monkeys, blooming flora and fauna in these reticent areas. Backwaters: Kerala are having incredible and delightful backwater destinations like Kumarkom, Cochin, Alappuzha, Kollam and Kuttanad. The backwaters in Kerala are beautiful and astounding; the best way to travel around them is using houseboats and traditional cruises named Kattuvallam. Kerala Tourism Places Pictures Kerala is branded for its panoramic backwater attractions, verdant sea green paddy fields, moorland and beaches. The most important backwater stretch is in Kottayam district, where a group of rivers and canals empty into the large area of water called the Vembanad Lake. Located at Kumarakom 16 km from Kottayam town, the Vembanad Lake, a charming tourist place and a quick rising backwater tourism purpose, provides boating, fishing and sightseeing experiences that are truly exciting. Kumarakom slumbers on the banks of the well-known Vembanad Lake. The Vembanad Lake with its imposing canals, streams and distributaries along its banks weave an intricate and interestingly attractive web. The attractions of backwaters is truly never ending , Kerala is blessed with well equalized weather with beautifully backwater atarctions.The good-looking jade of the fringed palms swell in the blue waters and blend into wavelets. Some of the important backwaters in Kerala are :  Cochin Backwaters  Kumarakom Backwaters  Alleppey Backwaters  Kollam Backwaters The whole state of Kerala is consecrated with various rivers and the possessions of various are still available. There are many backwater attractions in Kerala, you can enjoy pure eater fun in very less cost; the water ways provide a cheap and economical mode of transport. It is incredibly different experience to cruise in the backwaters in the country boats, absorbing the beauty of Kerala Villages. The scenery flashes up vivid contrasts of breathtaking greens and deep blues. Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 3 other followers  





 
	                    Follow                    

