https://keralatourdestinations.wordpress.com/tag/kerala-tour-operators/
  Kerala is a place of enjoying the natural beauty located on the coast of Arabian Sea. The most striking charisma of this South Indian state is its backwaters, rivers and many more. There are various small water-townships and few islands provide backwater tourism in Kerala. Kerala is enclosed with rivers, sun-kissed beaches, amazing backwaters, prosperous hill stations and amazing wildlife, terrific art forums, which make it superlative tourism destinations. This small south Indian state is having the peak rate of literacy in India. Kerala Tourism and Tourist Places are developed after 1980s. You never get disappointed by selecting Kerala as your tour destination, you can enjoy various things and various range of tours experiences. Kerala tourism used the tag line God’s Own Country not only for its promotions but also the reality that gorgeous most visitors for its gracious and hospitality environment. Kerala Tourism division is becoming one of the world’s top increasing sightseeing destinations in the world. Nowadays, Kerala is a extensive super brand in travel and tourism sector. Kerala offers many amazing charming places that make it the most required tourist destination for domestic and global tourists. A short glance on the wonderful features of Kerala is listed below. Beaches: Kerala has numerous world well-known attractive beaches like Shanghumugham, Varkala Papanasam, Kovalam beach, Chowara, Kochi,  Alleppey and Bekal Beach. The most well-known beaches are Kovalam and Varkala. Hill Stations: Many rich hill stations are represented in Kerala, anyplace you can get the heat during a break. Wayanand, Munnar, Lakkadi Ponmudi, Idukki, Nelliyampathy , Wagamon Malampuzha, , Peermade and Devikulam are most visited hill stations in Kerala. Wild Life: Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary and Eravikulam National Park are the most well-known tourist destination in Kerala having numerous prominent wildlife and forest adventures. You will be pronouncement many attractions like Elephants, Deer, huge teak-wood trees, Lion-tailed monkeys, blooming flora and fauna in these reticent areas. Backwaters: Kerala are having incredible and delightful backwater destinations like Kumarkom, Cochin, Alappuzha, Kollam and Kuttanad. The backwaters in Kerala are beautiful and astounding; the best way to travel around them is using houseboats and traditional cruises named Kattuvallam. Kerala Tourism Places Pictures If you are selecting tour operator for your Kerala tour, selecting the best operator is very important because the place like Kerala if you are a first time visitor you don’t know more about the real attractions hidden spots, lakes, hill stations, backwaters, facts and history of places, due to splendid beaches, important festivals, best visiting seasons historical places, monuments etc, those are attracts many travelers in entire world. Kerala Tour Operators provides various tour packages that fit your dream Kerala budget holidays. Tour buffs never miss the chance to calm down and sip pure coconut water under the shade of coconut tree in peaceful seashore, reading the newest bestseller. Now it is time to prefer one good package that Kerala Tour Operators has to offer and get engrossed in the tranquility and enjoy the unique environs Kerala unveils to its customers.  Kerala is also known as gods own country and also it was always been a charm for travelers from ancient times. Most of the tourist came to found trade links eyeing on the spices, sandalwood and ivory. Now people multitude to this stunning land for a natural package of joy, adventure, nature and to explore history and the monuments it had left. From Kerala you can realize that no place in the globe, guarantees such serenity and ambience that is necessary for honeymoon couples. Especially the Kerala Houseboat Journey, which the honeymoon couples, should not miss. A Kerala tour operator provides all help for your Kerala tour. Make sure that you are traveling with the best Kerala tour operator. Now just ask for a best quote from a good Kerala Tour Operator and fall in love with the beauty and hospitality of Kerala.  Kerala, a small South Indian state, But it’s competitive with wide range of tourist attractions unmatched to almost anywhere else.  The attractions in Kerala are varied to from monuments and ayurveda to wildlife, the whole thing here is charming that enjoying millions of travelers from around the globe. Read on to know a little more about Kerala tourism. Fortunate pleasance of Ayurvedic treatments, calm and passive landscapes and beautiful wildlife, these are just a little bit of tourism attractions in Kerala a paradise of relaxation in India’s magical south.   Known as ‘God’s Own Country’, Kerala is a most famous tourist destination that allures backpackers from the Far West as well as from neighbor Asian countries. Kerala has been chosen, by the National geographic Travel, as one of 50 must-see tourist spots of a lifetime. Besides this, it’s among the top ten paradises of the world, and the winner of several other laurels. It indicates Kerala a small state gives how much enjoyment to the travelers. Without any doubt I can state that Kerala has a beyond compare natural charm that tourists of all ages and all type trips, it’s not matter its family tour, honeymoon tour, adventures tour al is here to enjoy. Not only the tourist spots but also admirer’s arts & cultures of the state also find many from across the world. Getting through Kerala’s folk dances, tribe cultures, religious festivals and rituals gives a wisdom of both thrill and happiness.  In Kerala you can also seen architectural excellence of the state through many of its ancient buildings, houseboats and Chinese fishing nets etc. Kerala is a heaven for food lovers as the state features many splendid cuisines, all are spice and flavor. From seafood preparations to vegetable curries, and meat delicacies to street fast-food, all Kerala dishes are mouthwatering and detectable indeed. All most important tourist spots in Kerala are filled with up-to-date modern facilities and essential travel amenities. Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 3 other followers  





 
	                    Follow                    

