https://keralatourdestinations.wordpress.com/page/2/
  Kerala has edged out the Taj Mahal to become the number one in Google’s search trends for travel destinations in the country for 2012. Munnar, a popular tourist destination in the state, is also on the list of Top 10 Indian destinations on Google’s Zeitgeist site, showing search trends from around the world. Kerala at number one and the Taj Mahal at number two were followed by the Wagah Border (Punjab), Vaishno Devi and Amarnath, both in Jammu and Kashmir. Kashmir came number six on the list of Top ten travel destinations under the Google search trends for 2012. According to search trends in the travel category released by Google for this year, Munnar was number nine, followed by the Gateway of India, Mumbai. Kerala Tourism Minister AP Anil Kumar described the two listings for Kerala, including the number one spot, as a great encouragement for the state. “Kerala tourism is a leader in online promotional activities for the state. We are one of the first government establishments to make use of the Internet to reach out to the world,” he said. Google’s Zietgeist, which covers all search categories, answers the question of what the world searched for in a particular year. 
Kerala is the southernmost state in India; it is well-known for its extensive backwaters and lush green environment. It has one of the maximum individual developments in India and is equivalent to some of the residential countries in the world. It has a very literacy rate and is measured to be one of the smallest quantity crooked state in India. It is a well famous purpose on the sightseeing map of world and has been voted as one of the must see destination in a lifetime by National Geographic Magazine. Kerala tourism is very famous for its backwaters house boat tours; visitors are very interested in Kerala’s backwaters attractions. Kerala as a state boast of huge flourishing green tea gardens and tropical evergreen forests in Western Ghats, Kerala is blessed with enormous set of connections of backwaters along with culture, arts and legacy dating back to hundreds of years. Kerala as we know is a whole intention in itself in each sense. Kerala is very well associated by a huge network of railways, air as well as waterways. Major airports in Kerala are in Trivandrum, Calicut and Cochin and are very well related with different parts of the world. Kerala boasts of an outstanding sightseeing transportation and has also emerged as a forerunner in Ayurveda and Health sightseeing conception.  The backwaters in Kerala are first and foremost a chain of salt lagoons and lakes running equivalent to the Arabian Sea coast. The group includes big lakes interlinked by canals; both synthetic and natural, fed by big amount of rivers and extend more or less half of the length of state of Kerala. The backwaters have a unique ecosystem – freshwater from the rivers meets the seawater from the Arabian Sea Backwaters in Kerala are renowned for its greenery and beauty worldwide. The best backwaters in Kerala are found in Kumarakom and Alleppey. Alleppey is also called the hub of backwater tourism and traditional houseboats known as “Kettuvallam” are found here and can be hired to explore the extensive network of canals and waterways in Alleppey. Alleppey is also famous for snakeboats and snakeboat races and is also referred as “Venice of East” due to its similarity with Venice .Kumarakom on the other is famous for its bird sanctuary. Some of the other famous backwaters in Kerala are found in Kollam, Kuttanad, Kasargod and Kozhikode. In Kollam, ashtamudi kayal also known as gateway to the backwaters covers about thirty percent of Kollam, it is suppose to have the longest cruise in Kerala backwaters i.e from Kollam to Alleppey. The backwaters in Kuttanad covers huge areas of partly reclaimed land covered with green paddy fields, it has an amazing network of lakes, canals, rivers and rivulets and along with its dense tropical greenery, it offers glimpse into rural lifestyle of Kerala. Kasargod and Kozhikode backwaters are less explored and less known but nowadays they are becoming fast popular in the backwater tourism map of Kerala. A backwater in Kerala apart from its houseboat cruises is also known for its wildlife and marine life.     Houseboats also referred as Kettuvallams are huge, slow moving boats which were previously used to ferry rice, spices and goods from different points to port, but nowadays have become a popular tourist transport mode for leisure. Houseboats nowadays are fitted with all modern amenities such as television sets, air conditioners, video etc and have become an indispensable part of leisure tourism in Kerala. Houseboats size can vary according to the number of persons to be accommodated and commonly one bedroom to four bedroom houseboats are available.  Houseboat tours in Kerala take you through the narrow backwaters and also give you a unique opportunity to understand and witness the rural lifestyle of a typical village in Kerala. Houseboat tours in Kerala provides an opportunity to interact with local populace and to understand and study their culture, it is quite common for houseboat occupants to interact with local villagers and purchase food items, crafts etc from them. Houseboat tours in Kerala also gives the tourists an opportunity to taste the best of Kerala cuisine with exclusive dishes such as moilee, prawn curry served to tourists on board the houseboat. Houseboat tours are an out of the world experience in itself and is primarily a lifetime opportunity to explore the peaceful and serene backwaters of Kerala. Kerala tourist places are the very famous tour destinations in India. Kerala is well known for its Backwaters, Beaches, Wild life sanctuaries, Hill stations and Ayurvedic treatments. Kerala Beaches are spread along the 900 km Arabian Sea coastline and it becomes one of the main attractions in Kerala Tourism. The Kerala Backwaters are a network of interconnected brackish lagoons and lakes lying parallel to the Arabian Sea coast. Sightseeing in Kerala is very interesting. Beautiful Places in Kerala Pictures       
  
  
  
  Everyone is busy in diwali affair, some are buying sweets for friends, some are buying gifts, dias and patakhas.  I am sending a special diwali wish your way. May each moment of your night and day be like a diwali day…  Happiness is in the air, its diwali everywhere, let’s show some love and care and wish everyone out there… !! Happy Diwali!! If you are selecting tour operator for your Kerala tour, selecting the best operator is very important because the place like Kerala if you are a first time visitor you don’t know more about the real attractions hidden spots, lakes, hill stations, backwaters, facts and history of places, due to splendid beaches, important festivals, best visiting seasons historical places, monuments etc, those are attracts many travelers in entire world. Kerala Tour Operators provides various tour packages that fit your dream Kerala budget holidays. Tour buffs never miss the chance to calm down and sip pure coconut water under the shade of coconut tree in peaceful seashore, reading the newest bestseller. Now it is time to prefer one good package that Kerala Tour Operators has to offer and get engrossed in the tranquility and enjoy the unique environs Kerala unveils to its customers.  Kerala is also known as gods own country and also it was always been a charm for travelers from ancient times. Most of the tourist came to found trade links eyeing on the spices, sandalwood and ivory. Now people multitude to this stunning land for a natural package of joy, adventure, nature and to explore history and the monuments it had left. From Kerala you can realize that no place in the globe, guarantees such serenity and ambience that is necessary for honeymoon couples. Especially the Kerala Houseboat Journey, which the honeymoon couples, should not miss. A Kerala tour operator provides all help for your Kerala tour. Make sure that you are traveling with the best Kerala tour operator. Now just ask for a best quote from a good Kerala Tour Operator and fall in love with the beauty and hospitality of Kerala. Kerala is branded for its panoramic backwater attractions, verdant sea green paddy fields, moorland and beaches. The most important backwater stretch is in Kottayam district, where a group of rivers and canals empty into the large area of water called the Vembanad Lake. Located at Kumarakom 16 km from Kottayam town, the Vembanad Lake, a charming tourist place and a quick rising backwater tourism purpose, provides boating, fishing and sightseeing experiences that are truly exciting. Kumarakom slumbers on the banks of the well-known Vembanad Lake. The Vembanad Lake with its imposing canals, streams and distributaries along its banks weave an intricate and interestingly attractive web. The attractions of backwaters is truly never ending , Kerala is blessed with well equalized weather with beautifully backwater atarctions.The good-looking jade of the fringed palms swell in the blue waters and blend into wavelets. Some of the important backwaters in Kerala are :  Cochin Backwaters  Kumarakom Backwaters  Alleppey Backwaters  Kollam Backwaters The whole state of Kerala is consecrated with various rivers and the possessions of various are still available. There are many backwater attractions in Kerala, you can enjoy pure eater fun in very less cost; the water ways provide a cheap and economical mode of transport. It is incredibly different experience to cruise in the backwaters in the country boats, absorbing the beauty of Kerala Villages. The scenery flashes up vivid contrasts of breathtaking greens and deep blues.  Kerala, a small South Indian state, But it’s competitive with wide range of tourist attractions unmatched to almost anywhere else.  The attractions in Kerala are varied to from monuments and ayurveda to wildlife, the whole thing here is charming that enjoying millions of travelers from around the globe. Read on to know a little more about Kerala tourism. Fortunate pleasance of Ayurvedic treatments, calm and passive landscapes and beautiful wildlife, these are just a little bit of tourism attractions in Kerala a paradise of relaxation in India’s magical south.   Known as ‘God’s Own Country’, Kerala is a most famous tourist destination that allures backpackers from the Far West as well as from neighbor Asian countries. Kerala has been chosen, by the National geographic Travel, as one of 50 must-see tourist spots of a lifetime. Besides this, it’s among the top ten paradises of the world, and the winner of several other laurels. It indicates Kerala a small state gives how much enjoyment to the travelers. Without any doubt I can state that Kerala has a beyond compare natural charm that tourists of all ages and all type trips, it’s not matter its family tour, honeymoon tour, adventures tour al is here to enjoy. Not only the tourist spots but also admirer’s arts & cultures of the state also find many from across the world. Getting through Kerala’s folk dances, tribe cultures, religious festivals and rituals gives a wisdom of both thrill and happiness.  In Kerala you can also seen architectural excellence of the state through many of its ancient buildings, houseboats and Chinese fishing nets etc. Kerala is a heaven for food lovers as the state features many splendid cuisines, all are spice and flavor. From seafood preparations to vegetable curries, and meat delicacies to street fast-food, all Kerala dishes are mouthwatering and detectable indeed. All most important tourist spots in Kerala are filled with up-to-date modern facilities and essential travel amenities. Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 3 other followers  





 
	                    Follow                    

