https://keralatourdestinations.wordpress.com/category/kerala-tourism-spots/
   Kerala, a small South Indian state, But it’s competitive with wide range of tourist attractions unmatched to almost anywhere else.  The attractions in Kerala are varied to from monuments and ayurveda to wildlife, the whole thing here is charming that enjoying millions of travelers from around the globe. Read on to know a little more about Kerala tourism. Fortunate pleasance of Ayurvedic treatments, calm and passive landscapes and beautiful wildlife, these are just a little bit of tourism attractions in Kerala a paradise of relaxation in India’s magical south.   Known as ‘God’s Own Country’, Kerala is a most famous tourist destination that allures backpackers from the Far West as well as from neighbor Asian countries. Kerala has been chosen, by the National geographic Travel, as one of 50 must-see tourist spots of a lifetime. Besides this, it’s among the top ten paradises of the world, and the winner of several other laurels. It indicates Kerala a small state gives how much enjoyment to the travelers. Without any doubt I can state that Kerala has a beyond compare natural charm that tourists of all ages and all type trips, it’s not matter its family tour, honeymoon tour, adventures tour al is here to enjoy. Not only the tourist spots but also admirer’s arts & cultures of the state also find many from across the world. Getting through Kerala’s folk dances, tribe cultures, religious festivals and rituals gives a wisdom of both thrill and happiness.  In Kerala you can also seen architectural excellence of the state through many of its ancient buildings, houseboats and Chinese fishing nets etc. Kerala is a heaven for food lovers as the state features many splendid cuisines, all are spice and flavor. From seafood preparations to vegetable curries, and meat delicacies to street fast-food, all Kerala dishes are mouthwatering and detectable indeed. All most important tourist spots in Kerala are filled with up-to-date modern facilities and essential travel amenities.  Kerala is the “Gods Own Country”, is a land of exquisiteness and magnificence. It has all scenic beauty, peaceful charm and rich tradition appears to be the handiwork of the Supreme artist. You can enjoy various things in Kerala, there is no land is same as Kerala for explore the picturesque beauty and rich tradition and society than enjoying the marvel of Kerala tourism. Visit Kerala at least once in your life time and enjoy to the maximum. If you are searching for Cultural and traditional travel destinations then Kerala will be the most suitable place for you. Kerala is blessed with its rich culture and tradition. The state is famous for its rich folklore and spiritual fervor. You can go to celebrated cities and pilgrimage spots like Kollam, Thiruvananthapuram, Munnar, Kochi, Cheruthuruthy, and Kozhikode, Palakkad and Kumarakom and other places. Kerala is also a land of festivals. Travelers can experience local tradition by witnessing various festivals like Onam, vishu, Kerala Boat festival, Attukal Pongala Festival and lots more. Kerala is also special for various temples and important monuments. Various tour operators in India provides various temple tours. You can choose best one for your needs from Guruvayoor Temple tour, Sabarimala Temple tour ,Thrissur Pooram Temple tour ands Parthasarathi Temple tour. Nowhere else you can celebrate your tour with beautiful adventuress backwaters this much less budget. Perhaps the beauty and grandeur of Kerala is no better expressed than its backwaters. The main attraction of Kerala tourism is backwaters. A bulk of Kerala tourism is dependent on the backwater tours. You can embark on backwater tours to Kochi, Kollam,  Alappuzha, Kozhikode, Kottayam, Kumarakom, and Thiruvallam and so on. Kerala tour is a never ending attractions you can enjoy  high levels of merriment and fun by making trips to the Kerala beaches, hill stations, safari and wildlife and safari tours. One thing is sure you can enjoy every moments in Kerala. Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 3 other followers  





 
	                    Follow                    

