https://www.keralatourism.org/destination/wayanad-district/373
  Featured here is the first of the four trails in the northern district of Wayanad as conceived and promoted by Wayanad Tourism Organization (WTO) an organization taking the lead role in fostering a culture of 'responsible and sustainable tourism' in Wayanad. Of the four trails, we would like to introduce first the 'Outdoor Trail', which would cover the following locations in the District of Wayanad. At a height of 2100 metres, the towering Chembra Peak is located near Meppadi in the southern part of Wayanad. It is the tallest of peaks in the region and climbing this peak would test one's physical prowess. The climb up the Chembra Peak is an exhilarating experience, as each stage in the climb unfolds great expanses of Wayanad and the view gets wider as one goes up to its summit. Going up and coming down the peak would take a full day. Those who would like camp at the top are assured of an unforgettable experience.

Those who require camping gear may contact the District Tourism Promotion Council, located at Kalpetta in Wayanad. Located in the southeastern part of Wayanad, and approachable from Kalpetta as well as Sulthan Bathery, Neelimala is a trekkers delight, with options for various trekking routes. At the top of Neelimala, the sight is breathtaking with a view of the Meenmutty Falls located nearby and the valley in the foreground.  Situated close to Neelimala, the spectacular Meenmutty Falls can be reached through a 2 km trekking route from the main road connecting Ooty and Wayanad. It is the largest of waterfalls in the district of Wayanad with its three stage falls dropping from about 300 metres. Yet another waterfall that attracts visitors to Wayanad is the Chethalayam Falls, located close to Sulthan Bathery in the northern part of Wayanad. This waterfall is smaller in size when compared to Meenmutty. The falls and the adjoining areas are ideal locales for trekking and a favorite haunt for bird watchers. Pakshipathalam is located deep within the forest in the Brahmagiri Hills at an altitude of more than 1700 metres. The region predominantly comprises large boulders, some of them really massive. The deep caves found here are home to a wide variety of birds, animals and distinctive species of plants. Pakshipathalam is located near Mananthavady and a visit to the region requires a 7 km trek through the forest, starting from Thirunelli. Visitors to Pakshipathalam are to seek permission from the DFO- North Wayanad. The dam at Banasura Sagar is reckoned as the largest earth dam in India. The dam is located in the southwestern part of Wayanad district and is close to the Karalad Lake. The project area of the Banasura Sagar Dam also has the start point for treks to the Banasura Peak. An interesting feature is a set of islands that were formed when the reservoir submerged the surrounding areas. 

While you take in the captivating sights, sounds and fragrance of Wayanad, you may also shop for some rare specialities of Wayanad like spices, coffee, tea, bamboo products, honey and herbal plants.

For more details on 'Outdoor Trail' in Wayanad, please get in touch with Wayanad Tourism Organisation .

Trek to Brahmagiri
The trek to Brahmagiri hills is one of the most popular treks in Wayanad and one of the few which strikes a balance between awesome views and being first-time-trekker-friendly. This is a 3 hours intense trek to reach the top of Brahamagiri, which is about at 1608 m high. Trek begins from Thirunelli. Know more about Brahmagiri Trekking Mountain Biking
The Priyadarshini Tea Evirons located at Pancharakolly is situated an altitude of 3000 feet and is the place in Kerala where you can enjoy mountain biking. Explore the Villages of Wayanad The Village Life Experience of Responsible Tourism in Wayanad offers a travel through the sleepy hamlets of Nellarachal and Ambalavayal. The experience ranges from savouring native cuisines to the making of indigenous tribal percussion instruments and handicrafts.  Some of the village life experience packages offered by Reponsible Tourism are A Day at Thekkumthara and A Day at Chetyalathoor   Contact details:
General Secretary
Wayanad Tourism Organisation
Vasudeva Edom, Pozhuthana PO,
Wayanad, Kerala, India.
Pin - 673575
Tel. +91-4936-255308, Fax.+91-4936-227341
E-mail: mail@wayanad.org Nearest railway station:  Calicut Railway Station is 62 km away Nearest airport:  Calicut International Airport is about 65 km away Latitude: 11.75847, Longitude: 76.093826 
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
