https://www.keralatourism.org/destination/periyar-tiger-reserve-idukki/192
  The very sound of the word Thekkady conjures up images of elephants, unending chains of hills and spice scented plantations. The Periyar forests of Thekkady is one of the finest wildlife reserves in India. Spreads across the entire district are the picturesque plantations and hill towns that nestle beautiful trails for treks and mountain walks.It is one of the oldest tiger reserves in the country and the forests of Periyar is embellished by the presence of endangered species including White Tigers.  To explore the wilderness of Periyar Tiger Reserve tourists has many options like from boating to trekking.  Boating in Periyar Lake 
The best way to enjoy Periyar is from the edge of your seat on a boat. If you are a little more adventurous, then you can take a bamboo raft and row while the wild watches you. The Bamboo Rafting at Periyar is available in two slots – Full day and Half day. To know the rate of Bamboo Rafting, click here Trekking Trails
The guided day trek at Periyar: The Periyar Tiger Trail, an adventure trekking and camping; Border Hiking - Protection oriented range hiking; Bamboo Rafting; Jungle Patrol, Shepherding the jungle; Tribal Heritage - A peep into the past; Jungle Inn - Jungle in the night. To know more about this, click here Camping 
The Bamboo Grove - Eco lodge: The stay over programme provides eco-lodge accommodations inside bamboo thickets. 15 bamboo huts with double-bedded occupancy with hygienic and modern furnishing are available. For booking and details, visit the page Wealth of Periyar Forests
Flora: There are over 1965 flowering plants including 171 grass species and 143 species of orchids here. The only south Indian conifer, scientifically known as Podocarpus Wallichianus, grows in the forests of the Periyar Tiger Reserve. Mammals: More than 60 species are found here which include the Asian Elephant, Bengal Tiger, Indian Bison, Sambar Deer, Indian Wild Dog, Leopard, Barking Deer and the Smooth-Coated Otter which can be sighted during a boat cruise in the Periyar Lake. The Nilgiri Tahr is confined to the higher rocky areas whereas the endangered Lion Tailed Macaque can be found in the interior evergreen forests. Both the Bonnet Macaques and Nilgiri Langur can be seen foraging from the trees near where the boat lands. Birds: Here we have 265 species including migrants. The Malabar Grey Hornbill, The Indian Pied Hornbill, Whitebellied Treepie, many species of Drongos, Woodpeckers, Flycatchers, Babblers, the spectacular Malabar Trogon, etc. can be seen near where the boat lands. Reptiles: Cobra, Viper, Krait, a number of non-poisonous snakes, and the Indian Monitor Lizard.

Amphibians: Frogs like the colorful Malabar Gliding Frog, Fungoid Frog, Bicolored Frog, many species of toads, and limbless Caecilians. Pisces (fish): The Periyar Lake and streams have several species of fish including the Mahseer, the famous and endangered game fish of India. The Smooth-Coated Otter can be frequently spotted from the boat. Plantations: Tea, cardamom, pepper and coffee plantations abound in the areas adjoining the Tiger Reserve. Watch Towers: There are a few watch towers inside the Periyar Tiger Reserve which are excellent for viewing wildlife. Reservations can be made at the Forest Information Centre, Thekkady. Ph: ++ 91- 4869 - 222027  To know more about the tourism activities in Periyar, click here:- The tiger reserve at Periyar Contact details:
Field Director (Project Tiger)
Office of the Field Director
S. H. Mount, Kottayam
Kerala, India - 686 006
Tel: +91 481 2311740
Email:fd@periyartigerreserve.org
Website: www.periyartigerreserve.org

Deputy Director (Periyar East)
Periyar Tiger Reserve
Thekkady
Kerala, India - 685 536
Tel: +91 4869 222027
Email: dd@periyartigerreserve.org Read more on Thekkady Nearest railway station:  Kottayam Railway Station, about 110 km from Thekkady Nearest airport:  Madurai, about 140 km and Cochin International Airport, about 190 km from Thekkady Latitude: 9.4679, Longitude: 77.143328 Rainfall: 25 cm.  
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
