https://www.keralatourism.org/mobile-applications
  Kerala Tourism's Mobile Applications provide you easier access to all the content produced by the Tourism Department. We ensure that these regularly updated services are your one stop shop to everything going on in the State. Available across multiple platforms, these will ensure that you are never disconnected from anything related to God's Own Country. With the aim of helping the travellers arriving in Kerala with the details of major as well as the less explored attractions in God's Own Country, the Kerala Tourism initiated this App.  Want to send quirky, interesting messages to friends in WhatsApp & Facebook? Mobile app 'Expressions' presents various moods and actions similar to those used as smileys in smartphones. presented via the various classical art forms of Kerala like Mohini Attam, Kootiattam, Ottan Thullal & more.  An augmented reality travel application exclusively for Muziris Project, the Mobile app 'Muziris Virtual Tour Guide' is a personal guide to the tourists who are visiting Muziris.   Presenting VisitKerala Adventure - Plan your vacation to Kerala and have fun in the process!  An app designed for the officials of the Kerala Tourism department which helps them in keeping a track of the ongoing projects of the Kerala Tourism department & is not for travellers or the general public.  
	Do you wish to add content or help us find mistakes in this web page? 
	 Yes
 No
 NB: You should not submit anything else other than addition / correction of page content.   




 Submit    




 Submit For travel related requirements like accommodation, tour packages, transportation etc please click here. Program Schedule - Nishagandhi Monsoon Ragas Music Festival Press Release: Padma Shri Parassala Ponnamal, Padma Bhushan T V Gopalakrishnan to receive the first “Nishagandhi Sangeetha Puraskaram” Press Release: Kerala Tourism wins three PATA Gold awards Visit Champions Boat League site "Champions Boat League"  inviting franchisees E - tender for Champions Boat League TV production International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Press Release: Kerala Tourism to tap culinary skills of women to enliven stay of visitors RFP Document  For Selection of Implementing Agency for  “Miyawaki Method” of Afforestation List of Candidates Qualified for Engaging as Information Assistant Trainees-2019 Enchanting Kerala - the monthly Newsletter | July2019 Malabar River Festival 2019 Book Your Room: Online Room Booking facility for Yatri Nivas International B2B Meets And Trade Fairs Download Visit Kerala Adventure app for pre-trip arrangements Explore our Mobile App section
