https://www.ekeralatourism.net/blog/places-to-visit-in-kerala/
  Kerala, a surreal destination where the morning brings in the mist and magic. Fondly called the “God’s Own Country”, this is the place where the backwaters hold everyone captive with their alluring silence. Yes, it’s the ‘Spice Capital of India’ where the evening wishes adieu with some of the enchanting melodiesplayed by Mother Nature. Yes, such is the beauty and appeal of Kerala!Let loose the wanderlust in you and plan a trip to this prismatic land; there are an array of places to visit in Kerala. Make sure you make it to all these destinations and curate some of the most pleasing memories out of your trip. And in case, you are finding it tough to decide the destinations to cover, here is a sorted list of tourist places that will fill your travelogue with fun, frolic and excitement:  There is the whole of Kerala in one side, and then there is this heavenly tourist destination called Alappuzha or Alleppey! Esteemed as the ‘Backwater Capital of India’ or the ‘Venice of the East’, Alleppey is known for its silent backwaters and bountiful beauty! Seated on the banks of the azure Vembanad Lake, it is in fact one of the most popular backwater destinations in Kerala and one of the highest sought-aftertourist places in Kerala. Visit this paradise; enjoy houseboat cruise and stay, village walks, Ayurvedic therapies and lot more! Also see : Top 10 Backwater Resorts in Kerala Year-round destination Vembanad Lake , Alleppey Beach, Marari Beach, Krishnapuram Palace, Pathiramanal, Kuttanad Backwaters, Arthunkal Church, Ambalapuzha Temple, Mannarshala Temple, Karumadikuttan Statue, St. Mary Rorane Church Alleppey Railway Station Summer (April – June), Winter (October – Mid March), Monsoon (July – September)  Cradled in the lap of the Western Ghats, Wayanad truly deserves a top rank in the list of places to visit in Kerala. Situated at an astounding height of 700-2,100m, this stunning hill station is all about fantasy, untouched nature, unforgettable moments, and merriment! Adding more to Wayanad’s enchanting beauty, visitors can also revisit and unfold history while visiting this hilly retreat. Yes, the lush and pristine forests in Wayanad are said to be inhabited more than 3,000 years ago. You may also like : Most Popular Hill Stations in Kerala Year-round Destination  Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary, Banasura Sagar Dam, Chembra Peak, Soochipara Falls, Sentinel Rock Falls, Kanthanpara Waterfalls, Kuruva Island, Pookode Lake, Lakkidi, Muthanga Wildlife Sanctuary, Pakshipathalam, Edakkal Caves, SulthanBthery, Chain Tree Calicut International Airport (98km) Nilambur Railway Station (92km / 3 Hours) Summer (March - May), Winter (December - February), Monsoon (June - September)  Kochi or Cochin is a unique placein God’s Own Country that is perfectly blended with cultural values and modern ideas! Fondly called the ‘Queen of the Arabian Sea’, this imposing port-city has always been an attraction point since the beginning of history. A melting point of numerous culture and traditions, Cochin has embraced all the modern outlook to become one of the most developed metropolis in India. Be it the essence of the Dutch establishments, British history, Chinese nets, or the traditional spice markets, Cochin will surely make you fall in love once again! You may also like : Why Kochi should be your next travel destination July (Beginning of Monsoon) to April (Early Summer) Fort Kochi, Vypeen Island, Vypeen Beach, Cherai Beach, Andhakaranzhi Beach, Marine Drive, Bolghatty Island, Guruvayoor, Chinese Fishing Nets, St. FrnacisChirch, Basilica of Santa Cruz, Thrikkara Temple, Kanjiramattam Masjid, Shri Guru Singh Sabha Gurudwara, Jewish Synagogue, Cochin Cultural Centre, Malayattoor, Mattancherry, Lulu Mall (Largest Mall in India), Kodannad Elephant Training Centre, Hill Palace Museum, Edappally Museum, Princess Street, Kerala Kathakali Centre, Vasco Da Gama Square Kochi International Airport Kochi Railway Junction Summer (March - June), Winter (July - September), Monsoon (October - February)  Yet another gorgeous hill station in the lap of the fascinating Western Ghats, Munnar needs no introduction. Rising 1,600m above the sea level, a vacation in the beguiling locales of this hilly retreat is all about the lofty clouds, picturesque mountains, rolling hills, and a soothing ambience. Canopied mostly by never-ending tea plantations and lush forests, you simply cannot miss out Munnar while searching for the best tourist destination in Kerala. Be it during the summer or the winter, monsoon or the spring, Munnar will always make you crave for more! You may also like : Things to do in Munnar & Places to Visit in Munnar Year-round Destination Eravikulam National Park, Mattupetty Dam, Pothamedu View Point, Anamudi, Blossom Park, Devikulam, Pallivasal, TATA Tea Museum, Vattavada, Attukal Waterfalls, Cheeyapara Waterfalls, Kundala Lake, Nyayamakad, Meesapulimala, Kolukkumalai, Lock-Hart Gap, Chithirapuram, Rajamala, Top Station, Marayoor Dolmens, Indo Swiss Diary Farm, Lite of Pi Church,
 Cochin International Airport (125km) Ernakulam Junction (128km / 4 Hours) Summer (March - May), Winter (December - February), Monsoon (June - September)  Adorned by the magical charm of the Vembanad Lake, Kumarakom is another beguiling  backwater destination in God’s Own Country. Located within the proximity to Kottayam city, this is the place where even being lazy is also one of the best things you can do during your Kerala holidays. Adorned by the charm of the emerald Vembanad Lake, the evergreen coconut grooves, breezy rice fields, and lot more, Kumarakom is popular among all the types of visitors. However, backwater cruise and houseboat stays are the most popular thing to do in this beautiful tourist destination. You may also like : List of Backwater Destinations in Kerala September (Monsoon End) to March (Winter End) Eravikulam National Park, Mattupetty Dam, Pothamedu View Point, Anamudi, Blossom Park, Devikulam, Pallivasal, TATA Tea Museum, Vattavada, Attukal Waterfalls, Cheeyapara Waterfalls, Kundala Lake, Nyayamakad, Meesapulimala, Kolukkumalai, Lock-Hart Gap, Chithirapuram, Rajamala, Top Station, Marayoor Dolmens, Indo Swiss Diary Farm, Lite of Pi Church,
 Cochin International Airport (125km) Ernakulam Junction (128km / 4 Hours) Summer (March - May), Winter (December - February), Monsoon (June - September)  If you are a beach goer, and is still assuming none can beat the charm and allurement of Goa or other popular beach destinations, you must visit Kovalam today! Located along the coastlines of the charismatic Arabian Sea, this beach town is undoubtedly one of the best tourist attractions to visit in Kerala. Located only 16km from Thiruvananthapuram, the capital of Kerala, Kovalam is the home to some of the most picturesque and playful beaches in the country. While in here, you can stroll around, indulge in beach activities or in other fun-filled activities around Kovalam Beach, Lighthouse Beach, Hawah Beach, and Samudra Beach. You may also like : Places to Visit in Kovalam & Best Beaches in Kerala September (Monsoon End) to March (Beginning of Summer) Vellayani Lake, Lighthouse Beach, Chowara Beach, Kovalam Beach, Hawah Beach, Samudra Beach, Shangumkham Beach, Neyyar Dam, Aruvikkara Dam, Edakallu, Karamana River, Halcyon Castle, Kovalam Art Gallery, Valiyathura Pier, Veli Tourist Village, Artificial Coral Reef, Vizhinjam Rock Cut Temple, Vizhinjam Marine Aquarium, Naiper Art Museum, Shri Padmanabhaswamy Temple,
 Thiruvananthapuram International Airport (16km) Trivandrum Central Railway Station (13km) Summer (March - June), Winter (November - February), Monsoon (July - September)  Considering that you want more from your Kerala holidays, you should not miss a trip to Thekkady, the evergreen abode of God’s Own Country! Strategically located and well-connected with some of the major Kerala holiday destinations, this is the place that always wears the green colour of Mother Nature! The ‘Spice Capital of Kerala’, Thekkady is much popular as the natural abode to numerous exotic wildlife species. And while talking about wildlife species, the Periyar National Park in Thekkady will surely behold all your senses with its fascinating range of dwellers! You may also like: Offbeat Things to do in Thekkady & Places to Visit in Thekkady October to February (Winter) Periyar National Park, Periyar Lake, Gavi, Kumily, Caramom Hills, Spring Valley Mountain, Pandikuzhi, Chellarkovil, Panchalimedu, Vandiperiyar, Grampi, Mangala Devi Temple
 Madurai Airport (140km), Kochi International Airport (265km) Kottayam Railway Station (107km / 3 Hours) Summer (March - May), Winter (October - February), Monsoon (June - September)  A quaint port-city in God’s Own Country, Kollam has its own charm and appeal. Enthralled by the turquoise Lakshadweep Sea and caressed by the emerald Ashtamudi Lake, it is a picture-perfect holiday destination in the list of the most appealing or enticing tourist places in India’s ‘Backwater Capital’. While in Kollam, you can feel and experience the indigenous cultures and traditions of Kerala in the most vivid way. Be it fishing, agriculture, cashew processing, or tourism, this port-city holds a prominent place among the visitors. For the beach lovers, they can revel around the Kollam Beach, Tangasseri Beach and Thirumullavaram Beach. You may also like: Best Beaches in Kerala & List of Backwater Destination in Kerala August (Mid Monsoon) to March (Beginning of Summer) Dutch Quilon, Thirumullavaram Beach, Kollam Beach, Ashtamudi Lake, Palaruvi Waterfalls, Paravoor, Punalur, Thenmala, Mayyanad, Deer Park, Thevalli Palace, British Residency, Chavara, Jatayupara, Thangasseri, Rameshwara Temple, Sasthamkotta, Ochira,KottarakkaraKathakali Museum, Picnic Village, Munore Island, Neendakara Port
 Thiruvananthapuram International Airport (51km), Kochi International Airport (129km) Kollam Railway Junction  Summer (March - May), Winter (October - February), Monsoon (June - September)  If you are looking for an offbeat, yet captivating holiday experience in Kerala, you must plan your vacation in Vagamon. One of the most scenic hill stations and least explored tourist places in Kerala, this retreat in the Idukki district is known for its salubrious beauty, pleasant climate, and much more. In addition to leisure travellers, thrill and adventure seekers also make it to Vagamon in a considerable number. A year-round destination, it is considered as an ideal destination for adventure activities like paragliding, mountaineering, rock climbing, trekking, and lot more. You may also like: Most Beautiful Hill Stations in Kerala & Best Adventure Things to do in Kerala Year-round Destination Murinjupuzha Water Falls, Ulipooni Wildlife Sanctuary, ElaveezhaPoonchira, Idukki Arch Dam, Pine Hills, Parumthumpara Point, Kurisumala, Peermade, Mangala Devi Temple, Pattumalai Church, Kuttikanam Palace,
 Cochin International Airport (75km) Kottayam Railway Station (64km / 2 Hours)  Summer (March - June), Winter (October - March), Monsoon (July - September)  You won’t be wrong if you call this metropolis as the ‘City of Spices’, ‘City of Truth’ or the ‘City of Sculptures’. Well, all these synonyms are hardly enough to describe the aura and essence of Kozhikode or Calicut! This kaleidoscopic city is much more than a tourist destination. Located on the Malabar Coast, Kozhikode or Calicut is esteemed as one of the diverse and best places to visit in Kerala. Dotted with an array of historical landmarks, tourist spots and attractions, this wonderful city is also a lively reminiscent of the Dutch and British eras in India. You may also like: List of Tourist Attraction in Kerala July to April Kappad Beach, Kozhikode Beach, Beypore Beach, Kozhippara Falls, Thusharagiri Falls, Thikkoti Lighthouse, Kadalundi, Tali Temple, Lion's Park, Kalipoyika, Mananchira Square, Krishna Menon Museum, Peruvannamuzhi Dam
 Calicut International Airport (28km) Kozhikode Railway Station Summer (April - May), Winter (October - March), Monsoon (July - September)  A quaint city in the warm locales of Kollam, Ashtamudi lies on the outer edges of the alluring Ashtamudi Lake. While a bustling trade centre in the past, it now attracts an impressive number of visitors form different corners of the globe. Visitors usually throng Ashtamudi to enjoy its impeccable beauty and treat themselves with the bucolic ambience of God’s Own Country. While in this pictorial city, you can witness cashew processing, coir manufacturing plans, traditional fishing, and lot more. You may also like: God’s Own Country at Its Best! November to February (Winter) Ashtamudi Lake, Thevally Palace, Alumkadavu Boat Building Yard, Monroe Island,
 Trivandrum International Airport (71km) Kollam Junction (15km / 1 Hour)  Summer (March - May), Winter (November - February), Monsoon (June - September)  Located in the Kasaragod district of Kerala, Bekal is among the most scenic hamlets you can ever visit while on a Kerala tour. A combined beauty of the mighty Arabian Sea and lush landscapes, this tiny, yet pictorial village is of utmost historical importance. The glorious Bekal Fort testifies this fact vividly. Serving as a perfect getaway from the concrete life, Bekal enjoys a pleasant climate while wearing a greener shade throughout the year. If you are yearning for silent, yet joyous holiday experience in Kerala, Bekal is the ideal hideout for you! You may also like: Historical Places to Visit in Kerala October to March Bekal Fort, Pallikere Beach, Bekal Fort Beach, Valiyaparamba Backwaters, Kappil Beach, Hosdurg Beach, Nileswaram Cultural Centre, Nityanandarshan Caves, TulurVanam, Bekal Hole Aqua Park, Mallikarjuna Temple, Malik Dinar Mosque
Nearest Airport: Mangalore Airport (50km)

 Trivandrum International Airport (71km) Kasaragod Railway Station (12km), Kanhangad Railway Station (14km)  Summer (March - June), Winter (December - February), Monsoon (June - September)  Home to the Guruvayur Sri Krishna Temple – fourth largest Hindu temple in India, Guruvayur has many legends. One of them states that this temple town was chosen by Lord Krishna to ensconce His Dwarka temple. On the wish of the Lord, Vayu Deva along with Brhaspati reinstated Lord Krishna’s statue in the sacred Guruvayur Temple. Today, a large number of devotees visit this holy temple on a daily basis. The venue ground for festivals like Guruvayur Ekadasi and ChembaiSangeetholsavam, Guruvayur is also known for its magnificent charm and appeal. A sought-after destination among the seclusion lovers, it is still resonates the untouched beauty of God’s Own Country. You may also like: List of Pilgrimage Sites in Kerala October to February (Winter) Guruvayur Temple, Guruvayur Elephant Camp, MammiyurMahadevan Temple, Palayur Church, Parthasarathy Temple, Chamundeshwary Temple, Devaswom Museum, Institute of Mural Paintings

 Calicut International Airport (77km) Guruvayur Junction  Summer (March - May), Winter (October - February), Monsoon (June - September)  A gem in the lap of the mighty Western Ghats, Idukki boasts of being one of the evergreen and pristine districts in Kerala. Canopied by lush vegetation, this part of ‘India’s Backwater Capital’ has a unique charm and attracts visitors from almost all the corners of the globe. Home to numerous natural marvels, lofty peaks like Anamudi and others, captivating sanctuaries, and spice gardens, this surreal part of Kerala is a must for every nature lovers. To note here, many of the popular Kerala tourist destinations like Munnar, Vagamon, Ramakkalmedu, Marayur, and Thekkady are located within this district. You may also like:Popular Kerala Tourist Destination & Backwater Destination in Kerala Year-round Destination Periyar National Park, Periyar Lake, Idukki Arch Dam, Munnar, Vagamon, Thekkady, Nandukani, Painavu, Gavi, Murikkady, Kulamavu Dam, Anakkara, Hill View Park, Thommankuthu Falls, Keezharkuthu Falls, Mangala Devi Temple Cochin International Airport (98km) Theni Junction (83km)  Summer (March - May), Winter (November - February), Monsoon (June - September)  Also known as ‘The Crown of Kerala’, Kannur is a true treat to the visitors’ eyes! Bordered by the fascinating beauty of the Western Ghats, adorned with the alluring strokes of the Arabian Sea, and decked with the bucolic charm of an evergreen outlook, this beach town in the Malabar Coast is among the most beautiful places to visit in Kerala. Whether you are a nature lover, beach goer, history buff, culture fan, thrill seeker, or a casual backpacker, you would surely fall in love with the untouched beauty of Kannur. Also, not to forget here, this city is the home to Muzhappilangad Drive-in Beach, the only drive-in beach in India. You may also like: Visit to Muzhappilangad Beach in Kerala October (Early Winter) to March (Early Summer) Muzhappilangad Drive-in Beach, Payyambalam Beach, Meenkunnu Beach, Thottada Beach, Baby Beach, Mopila Bay, Dharmadam Island, Parassinikkadavu, Arakkal Museum, Sundareswara Temple, Fort St. Angelo, Pallikunnu, Holy Trinity Cathedral Calicut International Airport (84km) Kannur Railway Station  Summer (March - May), Winter (October - February), Monsoon (June - August)  A quaint town that showcases a diverse of biodiversity, a prismatic destination is dotted with an array of tourist attractions, and a home away from home for the visitors, Kasaragod is a swaying beauty in Kerala’s tourism map. Steeped with glorious past, this balmy town also serves a home to a range of loft peaks, stunning beaches, historic marvels, natural treasure, and much more. While on a trip God’s Own Country and searching for places to visit in Kerala, you must plan a trip to Kasaragod. Whether on a honeymoon trip, nature tour, backpacking quest, or any other, this scenic town will keep you amazed with its kaleidoscopic and admirable beauty! You may also like: Places for Honeymooners in Kerala & Fort Bekal September to January Chandragiri Fort, Parappa Wildlife Sanctuary, Malom Wildlife Sanctuary, Kammadam Sacred Grove Wildlife Sanctuary, Ananthapura Lake Temple, Valiyaparamba Backwaters, Ranipuram, Malik Deenar Mosque, Madhur, Cheruvathur, Rock Point, Kareem's Forest Park, Manjeshwar, Trikkanad and PandayanKallu, Nileshwar, Kottancheri Hills, Anandashram and Nityanandashram, Kumbala, Bela Church, Maipady Palace Mangalore Airport (45km) Kasaragod Junction  Summer (March - May), Winter (December - February), Monsoon (June - November)  While searching for places to visit in Kerala, you may find a number of backwater destination. However, if you are yearning the most surreal or enchanting backwater experience, Kavvayi Backwaters is the one for you! Flowing with all its beauty and grace Payyanur in the Kannur district of Kerala, this patch of backwater has a unique appeal that can infect the visitors within just a wink! Fringed with lush greeneries, Kavvayi Backwaters serves as an ideal honeymoon and family vacation destination in the entire of Kerala. Visit this pictorial abode anytime of the year, and its heart-warming beauty and charm will surely hold you captive! You may also like: List of Backwater Destinations in Kerala October to March Valiyaparamba Island, Payyannur Island, Kavvayi Island, Boating Calicut International Airport (154km) Payyannur Junction (3km)  Summer (March - May), Winter (October - February), Monsoon (June - August)  One of the most promising, yet offbeat beaches in Kerala, the Kizhunna Beach is located in the coastal town Kannur in God’s Own Country. Often called the ‘KizhunnaEzhara Beach’ due to its proximity with the Ezhara Beach, this picturesque retreat can be make any beach goer crave for more! Adding more to its untouched beauty, the Kizhunna Beach in Kerala enjoys a favourable climate almost throughout the year. Owing to this, it receives an ample of beach lovers from across the globe. You may also like: Beaches in Kerala December to February (Winter) Kannur, Ezhara Beach, Swimming, Sun Basking, Village Tours Calicut International Airport (108km) Kannur Railway Station (10km)  Summer (March - May), Winter (December - February), Monsoon (June - September)  Fondly called as the ‘Rice Bowl of Kerala’, Kuttanad is truly a poetry in motion! Gracious, tranquil, evergreen, and still untouched by the outer world, this magnificent tourist destination in God’s Own Country is fringed with captivating groves of coconut trees, and is interconnected with a bucolic network of canal. This makes Kuttanad a place to behold among the visitors. While the intrinsic network of canals add more to the beauty and charm of Kuttanad, its evergreen swaying paddy fields make it truly irresistible for the visitors. Also, the rustic and traditional way of living that still persists in this piece of heaven will surely make you feel and live the true colours of Kerala. You may also like: Visit to Magnificent Tourist Destination in Kerala August to March Champakulam, Chengannur, Pamba River, Meenachil River, Achankovil River, Manimala River, Punnamada Lake, Backwaters, Paddy Fields, Traditional Water Turbines, Cochin International Airport (85km) Alleppey Railway Station (22km) and Changanacherry Railway Station (28km) Summer (April - June), Winter (October - Mid March), Monsoon (July - September)  India’s ‘Spice Capital’ is all about lush greeneries and heart-warming ambience, hence the name “God’s Own Country’! And while in Malampuzha, located in the Palakkad district, you can feel the true essence of Kerala and its bountiful nature. Mostly covered by evergreen vegetation, this part of the state is a picture-perfect display of how we should co-exist with Mother Nature. Malampuzha’s undulating beauty and tranquillity makes it a must to visit place in the entire region of Southern India. You may also like: Visit Popular Places in Kerala 
 August (Monsoon End) to April (Early Summer) Malampuzha Dam, Malampuzha Garden, Kava, Palakkad Fort, Dhoni Hills and Waterfalls, Thread Garden, Rock Garden, Snake Park, UdanKhatola, Fantasy Park,
 Coimbatore International Airport (Tamil Nadu) (55km) Palakkad Junction (8km) Summer (April - May), Winter (September - March), Monsoon (June - August)  Once a military headquarter, Malappuram or the ‘City of Hills’ or ‘Soccer City of Kerala’ could be one of the best things happening to you! All you need to do is, just plan a visit to this gorgeous hilltop city, and you would surely get pleasantly lost within its beguiling ambience. Situated in the southern corner of Kerala, this scenic city wears a misty outlook for most of the year, and draws a large number of tourists from across the country. Be it natural appeal, historic significance, tourist activities, places of attractions, or even to laze around, you will find ample of elements to keep yourself soaked with fun-frolic while in Malappuram. You may also like: Most Beautiful Hill Stations in Kerala July (Early Monsoon) to March (Winter End) Keralamkundu Waterfalls, Kadalundi Bird Sanctuary, Koottayi Beach, Padinharekara Beach, BiyyamKayal, Up & Down Hill, Kottakkunnu, Panakkad, Shanthitheeram, Arimbra Hills, Teak Museum, Anakkayam, Melmuri, Malappuram Juma Masjid, Thiruppuranthaka Temple, Mannoor Shiva Temple,
 Calicut International Airport (38km) Angadipuram Railway Station (17km) Summer (March - June), Winter (October - March), Monsoon (July - September)  Believe it or not, but Goa alone cannot be called the paradise for beach lovers and other tourists alike! And if there is any other place in India that can be equally compared with Goa, it has to be Kerala. Well, if you want to know why, you must plan a visit to the Marari Beach in the Alleppey district of Kerala! One of the most captivating beaches in the entire country, Marari Beach will surely make you forget any other beaches in India. Rated among the top five ‘Hammock Beaches’ by National Geographic, this virgin beach proves to be a wonderful place to laze around, enjoy sun basking, indulge in beach activities, and lot more! You may also like: Visit to Beaches in Kerala September (Monsoon End) to May (Summer End) Beach Activities, Thumpolly Beach, Alappuzha Beach, Cherthala, The Dutch Palace, Chinese Fishing Nets, St. Andres Church, Mararikulam Shiva Temple, Aroor, Arthunkal, Poochakkal
 Cochin International Airport (90km) Mararikulam Railway Station (3km) Summer (March - May), Winter (November - February), Monsoon (June - October)  A cluster of islands straight out of fairy tales, Munroe Island comprises of a collective group of 8 different islets. Interconnected with each other with a turquoise network of canals, this group of islands is around 27km form the heart of Kollam, and is a much-sought-after destination among the visitors. Edged with evergreen coconut groves, these islands can be called the epitome of serenity and tranquillity. Whether on a family vacation, honeymoon trip, backpacking trails, or casually holidaying, you can bump on the Munroe Island anytime or during any part of the year. You may also like: Places for honeymooners in Kerala October to May Island Hoping, Boating, Kallada River, Ashtamudi Lake, Wonderla Amusement Park, Kerala Kathakali Centre, Jew Town, Mattancherry Palace, Paradesi Synagogue, Santa Cruz Basilica
 Trivandrum International Airport (97km) Kollam Railway Station (25km) Summer (March - May), Winter (November- February), Monsoon (June - September)  If Kerala is called the ‘God’s Own Country’, Nelliampathy (or Nelliampathi) is fondly called the ‘God’s Own Village’! Located around 60km from Palakkad, this quaint hamlet is one of the least explored and equally stunning hill stations in Kerala. With a captivating range of hills that soar up to an astounding height of 467-1,572m, Nelliampathy serves as an ideal getaway to enjoy and revel in the alluring charm of India’s Backwater Capital. With lofty peaks, rugged trails, and around 10-hair pin bends, this tiny, yet enthralling hill station also serves as a hotspot among the thrill and fun seekers. You may also like: List of Backwater Destination in Kerala October (Pre-Winter) to March (Early Summer) Trekking, Boating, Nelliyampathy Hills, Parambikulam Wildlife Sanctuary, Nenmara, Palagapandi Estate, Seetharkundu Viewpoint, Padagiri, Raja's Cliff, Pothundi Reservoir, Malampuzha Gardens, Nelliyampathy Gardens
 Trivandrum International Airport (97km) Palakkad Railway Station Summer (March - May), Winter (November - February), Monsoon (June - September)  Palakkad or the ‘Gateway to Kerala’ is truly a paradise for the nature lovers and admirers. Situated at the foothills of the mighty Western Ghats, this scenic land is jotted with lush and evergreen vegetation all throughout, and is adored as the ‘Granary of Kerala’. Steeped with a glorious past, decked with diverse range of traditions, cultures, art & music, and the indigenous Malabar style of living, Palakkad surely qualifies for a natural treasure in Kerala’s tourism map. Also, the tropical climate that prevails in this gorgeous city, makes it a not-to-be missed place to visit in Kerala. You may also like: Popular Tourist Destination in Kerala July (Mid-Monsoon) to March (Winter End) Palakkad Fort, Silent Valley National Park, Parambikulam Wild Life Sanctuary, Mayiladumpara Peacock Sanctuary, Malampuzha Dam and Gardens, Attappadi, Kava View Point, Rock Garden, Siruvani Reservoir, Kanjirapuzha Reservoir, Dhoni Forest (Trekking), Kalpathy Heritage Village and Temple Complex, Nelliyampathy Hills, Pothundi Dam and Reservoir, Mangalam Dam, Tipu's Fort, ThiruvalathurRanduMoorthy Temple, Jain Temple, Vadakkanthara Temple, Manapullikaavu, KalpathyAgraharam and Vishwanathaswamy Temple, KumarapuramTemple, EmoorBhagavathyTemple, Thiruvalathoor Shiva Temple,

 Peelamedu Airport (Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu) (43km), Kochi International Airport (96km) Palakkad Junction (Broad Gauge Line), Palakkad Town Railway Station (Narrow Gauge Line) Summer (February - May), Winter (November - March), Monsoon (June - October)  If you still think that Kerala is all about backwaters, mighty ocean, playful beaches, spice gardens, or evergreen coconut groves, you must visit the stunning hill station called Ponmudi! Around 55km away from the state capital, this promising hill station will make you rethink and create a whole new perception God’s Own Country! Enchanted by the spellbinding beauty of the Western Ghats, a drive or ride to Ponmudi has its own fun and excitement. While for the nature lovers, this part of the journey opens an unknown window to Kerala’s mesmerising beauty, adrenaline seekers love to have a tryst with the thrills associated. You may also like: Most Beautiful Hill Stations in Kerala – A Treat for the Summer! November (Post Monsoon) to May (Summer End) Trivandrum International Airport (67km)

 Trivandrum International Airport (67km) Trivandrum Central Railway Station (61km) Summer (March - May), Winter (December - March), Monsoon (June - September)  While in the Poovar Beach, you can witness one of the rarest phenomenon in the world. It is in this scenic beach, where the sea meets a river and a lake. Well, this is not it! Poovar estuary is also serves as the confluence ground of the beach and land! A quintessential display of exotic flora and fauna, this beach portrays much of traditional ways of coastal living where fishing plays an important part of daily life. Situated around 12km from Kovalam, Poovar Beach has gained immense popularity as a popular picnic spots among the beach lovers and other types of visitors. You may also like: Most Scenic Beaches in Kerala August (Mid-Monsoon) to March (Early Summer) Poovar Beach, Thiruparappu Falls, Fishing Village, Kalipoika, Kozhipara, Thikkoti Light House

 Trivandrum International Airport (38km) Summer (March - May), Winter (November - February), Monsoon (June - October) Summer (March - May), Winter (December - March), Monsoon (June - September)  The capital city of God’s Own Country, Thiruvananthapuram or Trivandrum, or the ‘Evergreen City of India’ is also the largest city in the state. Located at the south-western edge of Kerala, this city is the perfect example of how rural life gets mixed with the contemporary way of living. Dotted with numerous tourist spots, places of historical importance, scenic beaches, and much more, Trivandrum is a true treasure trove among visitors from all the walks of life. Rated as one of the finest Indian cities to live in, Thiruvananthapuram can also be called the ‘Economic Capital’ of Kerala. You may also like: Historical Places to Visit in Kerala & Most Scenic Beaches in Kerala Ponmudi, Kovalam, Shanghumugham Beach, Aruvi Waterfalls, Akkulam Tourist Village, Veli Tourist Village, Aruvikkara Dam, Neyyar Dam & Wildlife Sanctuary, Peppara Dam & Wildlife Sanctuary, Poovar, Kowdiar Palace, Agasthyakoodam, Koyikkal Palace, Kanakakunnu Palace, Anchuthengu Fort, Napier Museum, Zoological Gardens, Vizhinjam, Thiruvallam, ParipallyGajamela, AnanthaPadmanabha Temple, AttukalBhagavathi Temple Aaranmula Boat Race, Trekking, Meenmutty Falls, Golden Valley, Peppara Wildlife Sanctuary, Shendurney Wildlife Sanctuary, Mankkayam Falls, Kallar, Koyikkal Palace, Agasthyamalai Biosphere Reserve, Sri Krishna Swami Temple
 Trivandrum International Airport Trivandrum Central Railway Station Summer (March - June), Winter (October - February), Monsoon (July - September)  If you are a cultural fan or enthusiastic about the rich traditions of Kerala, Thrissur should be ranked as #1 in your travelogue! Also called ‘Trichur’, this city was once the capital of Kingdom of Cochin, and is fondly called the ‘Cultural Capital of Kerala’. Being edged with a number of scared temples and other religious spots, Thrissur serves as an important pilgrimage among the Hindu devotees. Yes, this city is the venue ground of the famous ‘Temple Festival’ or the ‘Thrissur Pooram’ that is known and participated by devotees from across the globe. Visit the city during this festival, and you will find the entire Trichur uniting and celebrating the festival with high vigour and equal gusto! You may also like: List of Pilgrimage Sites in Kerala Year-round Destination / April to May (Thrissur Pooram is celebrated) Chavakkad Beach, Nattika Beach, Vatanappally Beach, Athirapally Waterfalls, Guruvayoor, Peechi Dam, Peechi-Vazhani Wildlife Sanctuary, Thrisuur Zoo, Chimmony Wildlife Sanctuary, Chimmony Dam, Thrissur Pooram, Archaeological Museum, PunnathurKotta, Sri Maheswara Temple, Lourdes Cathedral, Marth Mariam Church, Vaddakunathan Temple, Thiruvambadi Sri Krishna Temple, Dolours Basilica, ParamekkavuBhagavathy Temple, Arattupuzha Temple

 Kochi International Airport (67km) Thrissur Railway Station Summer (March - May), Winter (December - February), Monsoon (June - September)  Flaunting its gracious beauty and charm while having a tryst with the Arabian Sea, Varkala is surely one of the most gorgeous and best places to visit in Kerala! A kaleidoscopic coastal town in Trivandrum, this is in fact the only place in God’s Own Country where cliffs are found alongside the sea-line. While being a hotspot among the beach lovers, Varkala is also known for the ancient Janardana Swami Temple that dates back to 2,000 years. If you are planning for a Kerala trip, make sure you visit this quaint town; it will keep you amazed all through with its impeccable beauty, devout ambience, and playful beach! You may also like: List of Beaches in Kerala Year-round Destination Paragliding, Varkala Beach, Thiruvambadi Beach, Edava Beach, Kappil Beach, Papanasam Beach, 590 Cliff, Anjengo Fort, Sivagiri Mutt, Janardhanaswamy Temple, Ponnumthuruthu Island, Varkala Tunnel, Vishnu Temple, Varkala Aquarium, KaduvayilJuma Masjid, Varkala Lighthouse,
 Trivandrum International Airport (36km) VarkalaSivagiri Railway Station Summer (April - June), Winter (October - March), Monsoon  Your Email (required)
   City
   Mobile
    
 Tel: +91-9958414244
Tel: +91-9643803653
Tel: +91-9313831406 
E-mail: info@ekeralatourism.net Get Free Quotes Call Now
